JOB DESCRIPTION	JOB CATEGORY
"JOB Position: Accountant Manager JOB Description: Need to expertise in Tally software, maintaining excel books and able to file statutory compliance's individually on a monthly basis. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹16,000.00 /month Experience: bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary We are an outsourcing company working for clients based around the world. We are looking for an accountant to join our UK bookkeeping team. You must be willing to work UK business hours i.e. 12 pm to 8:30 pm (2:30 pm to 11:00 pm for male candidates) and have good command in English. Responsibilities and Duties Verify, allocate, post and reconcile transactions. Produce error-free accounting reports and present their results. Analyze financial information and summaries financial status. Develop and document business processes and accounting policies to maintain and strengthen internal controls. Manage the daily task assigned by the client. Maintain team performance standards to quality service and performance. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications A minimum 06-12 months of working experience. Excellent English Communication skills- both verbal and written. Degree in Accounting, Finance or relevant. Thorough knowledge of basic accounting procedures and principles awareness of business trends. Excellent accounting software user and administration skills. Accuracy and attention to detail. Preferred Male candidates Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹18,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bhilai, Chhattisgarh (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	0
"Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a leading global financial services company with $2.0 trillion in assets and offices in over 37 countries. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides asset management, capital raising and advisory, financing, foreign exchange, payments, risk management, and trade finance services to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We also value the viewpoints of our team members and encourage them to be their best. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you will feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. We are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Learn more at our International Careers website. Market Job Description About Enterprise Global Services Enterprise Global Services (EGS) enables global talent capabilities for Wells Fargo Bank NA., by supporting over half of Wells Fargo's business lines and staff functions across Technology, Business Services, Risk Services and Knowledge Services. EGS operates in Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Chennai in India and in Manila, Philippines. Learn more about EGS at our International Careers website. Department Overview The Risk Services aligns to the Corporate services organization and supports the current, expected demand for business process risk management. The Risk Services team supports line of business risk management and the corporate risk management. About the Role You will work for testing and monitoring of a risk-based compliance program to assure compliance with agency, legal and regulatory requirements. Responsibilities Responsible for validating corrective action plans after completion to verify risks associated with identified issues are mitigated Works with assigned business units and provides compliance risk consulting for projects and initiatives with moderate to high risk to identify, assess and mitigate regulatory risk in all business activities. Develop testing strategies and methodologies; evaluates the adequacy and effectiveness of policies, procedures, processes, initiatives, products and internal controls and identifies issues resulting from internal and/or external compliance examinations and operational risk considerations listed above Analyze business and/or systems changes to determine impact; identifies and assesses risk issues and assigns risk ratings consistent with established policy standards Consults with business to develop corrective action plans and monitor corrective action to completion Reports findings and drafts recommendations to compliance, risk, and business line management Exhibit credible challenge and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of policies, procedures, processes and internal controls while maintaining professional independence throughout the testing engagement Document end to end process flows including dependencies, risks, controls, inputs/outputs, systems, gap identification, etc. Provide risk management expertise and potential solutions to identified gaps and associated risks to the line of business. Market Skills and Certifications Minimum Requirements: Minimum 6 years of experience with four years’ experience in a financial services compliance, risk management, or audit role. Proficient with Microsoft Word, Power Point, Access, and Excel CA,CPA, CWA, CIA or equivalent Desired Skills: Prior compliance, operational risk testing or audit experience Prior experience using compliance systems for controls testing, monitoring Experience in designing and executing test instructions or quality assurance reviews to assess controls or process effectiveness. Experience with risk management tools Working knowledge of regulatory compliance (for instance, Companies Act, Income Tax Act-India, SEZ Laws-India etc) Vastly experienced in having drafted Audit Reports / Compliance Activity Reports Advanced degree or professional certification (CA, CIA, CPA) Ability to develop and foster partnerships and influence change Adaptable to a dynamic work environment with multiple priorities and strict timelines and able to organize for responsiveness and efficiency Proven ability to work within a team environment as well as individual accountability Experience working knowledge in large complex organizations Extremely well organized with the ability to manage large initiatives concurrently Strong analytical skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work well in a team environment The candidate should be flexible with the work timings We Value Diversity At Wells Fargo, we believe in diversity and inclusion in the workplace; accordingly, we welcome applications for employment from all qualified candidates, regardless of race, color, gender, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status protected by applicable law. We comply with all applicable laws in every jurisdiction in which we operate. Region APAC"	0
We require Chief Accountant with Computer knowledge and well experience in Construction Business. For Resume Please email us at info@surajic.com	0
"We require candidate to handle Accounts independently for all the company Statutory. Job Location : Chennai - Villivakkam Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"We are looking for an Accountant to manage all financial transactions, from fixed payments and variable expenses to bank deposits and budgets. Accountant responsibilities include auditing financial documents and procedures, reconciling bank statements and calculating tax payments and returns. To be successful in this role, you should have previous experience with bookkeeping and a flair for spotting numerical mistakes. Ultimately, you will provide us with accurate quantitative information on financial position, liquidity and cash flows of our business, while ensuring we’re compliant with all tax regulations. Responsibilities: Manage all accounting transactions Prepare budget forecasts Publish financial statements in time Handle monthly, quarterly and annual closings Reconcile accounts payable and receivable Ensure timely bank payments Compute taxes and prepare tax returns Manage balance sheets and profit/loss statements Report on the company’s financial health and liquidity Audit financial transactions and documents Reinforce financial data confidentiality and conduct database backups when necessary Comply with financial policies and regulations Requirements: Work experience as an Accountant Excellent knowledge of accounting regulations and procedures, including the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) Advanced MS Excel skills including Vlookups and pivot tables Experience with general ledger functions Strong attention to detail and good analytical skills BSc in Accounting, Finance or relevant degree Additional certification (CPA or CMA) is a plus Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required)"	0
"Job Summary Job Summary Minimum 2 years of Experience as a bookkeeper. Must be proficient in Excel and MS Office. Must know General Ledger, Balance sheet, income statement. Must know bank Reconciliation Must Know Accounts Payable, Receivable. Job Type: Full-time Salary: Rs 25,000.00 to Rs 35,000.00 /month Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) accounting: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Experience: 1 - 6 years Skills: Accountant, Accounts manager, Senior accountant, Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss, P & L, Finalisation Of Accounts, Trial Balance, Balance Sheet Finalisation, Balance Sheet Analysis Industry: Any Functional Area: Finance & Accounts Job Description Book keeping, Preparation of balance sheet & P&L accounts, Bank Reconciliation, Fixed Asset Accounting, Solving client queries related to accounts if any, Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Accounting: 2 years (Preferred) general ledger: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary Head Accountant and Finance Controller Responsibilities and Duties Heading the entire Finance and Accounting function by leading a team. To lead and manage Financial Accounting and Reporting activities for the organization Develop, implement and maintain a system for measuring the financial and operating performance of the Company, each project including sales, revenues, and project, gross and net profit margins. Preparing various dash boards (MIS reports) which includes Daily/Weekly/Monthly and other such reports for management for effective decision making. Preparation of Monthly/Quarterly Balance Sheet and Profit & Loss statements and Finalization. Banking Related – Responsible for submission of monthly stock statement to banks. Responsible for foreign remittance payment Responsible for letter of credit, bank guarantee opening, limits maintaining statements Handling stock auditors of banks Any other job given by the management Visit banks to sort out issues, BRS entries etc Day to day banking matters andTo assist in preparation of statements for audit purposes Daily checking of billing (from sauda system) and payables/receivables across all lines of business. Oversees cash flow planning and ensure availability of funds as needed. Tracking advance payments to vendors and adjusting the same against the liabilities due. Managing and maintaining the entire accounts of the in compliance with accounting procedures and policies, quarterly and annual Balance Sheets of the Company Compliance: Ensures that effective internal controls are in place and ensures compliance with all applicable laws, state and local regulatory laws and rules for financial and tax reporting. Periodical Return filing of all compliances like TDS,Vat,Service Sax,Sales Tax,GST Returns before due dates. Conducting Variance analysis and trend analysis of Fixed and variable expenses and identify mis-allocation of expenses and correct it. Should be very sound with accounting logic. Conduct analysis of existing work flow at regular intervals and initiate to set up new processes and systems and implement it. Good knowledge of tally accounting system & ability to pick up any proprietary, accounts and compliance software. Computer Skills. Very good knowledge of Excel (pivot chart , VLookup , Slicer, Formulas etc) To maintain to-do list & coordinate with all stake holders such as buyer,seller,supplier,management, internal team etc. Should have positive mindset, leadership skills, flexibility, adaptability and multitasking ability. Good presentation skills. Multitasking skills Qualifications and Skills Chartered Accountant , Inter CA , MBA in Finance & Accounts , candidate with excellent accounting and leadership skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹70,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Accounting: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Looking for accountant with 1 to 3 years of experience. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
We are looking for an ambitious Accountantto provide support to the financial department by managing daily accounting tasks. You will be part of a team of professionals working to maintain order and transparency for the company’s finances. Job Responsibilities: Post and process journal entries to ensure all business transactions are recorded Update accounts receivable and issue invoices. Update financial data in databases to ensure that information will be accurate and immediately available when needed Prepare and submit weekly/monthly reports Assist senior accountants in the preparation of monthly/yearly closings Assist with other accounting projects Experience & Skills Required: Proven experience as a accountant Excellent organizing abilities Great attention to detail Good with numbers and figures and an analytical acumen Qualification: Bachelor Degree is must. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)	0
"need a charted accountant for CA FIRM IN SANTACRUZ CA INTER ALSO REQUIRED THEY CAN ALSO APPLY 316 RAMAS PLAZA NEAR SAMATA BANK KHOTWADI SANTACURZ WEST VIVEK PATEL 961 961 5313 CALL FOR DETAILS Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,086.00 to ₹38,938.00 /month Experience: bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Expected Work Experience Minimum 5-12 Years of relevant experience in Accounts, Finance and Tax. Sound knowledge of Finance & Accounts functions. Has knowledge about customs, excise, import/export and other related procedures. Key Job Responsibilities * Prepare asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. * Documentation of financial transactions by entering accounting information. * Summarizing current financial status by collecting information; preparing balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and other reports. * Liaison with auditors for statutory audit & tax audit. * Preparation of annual report (ROC) * Preparation of Computation of income (IT), Deferred tax & Calculation of Advance Tax. * Handling IT Assessments whenever needed. * VAT compliance which includes communication with consultant, govt. authorities for tax audit, assessments & refunds. * Local Body Tax/Cess which includes accounting, payments, filing returns & handling assessments. * Monthly Invoicing activity including follow up for data, invoice preparation & dispatch. * Service tax accounting, payments, preparing & filing ST-3 online returns, Assessments. * Preparation and submission of Quarterly/ Annually TDS/VAT and Sale Tax Returns * Preparation and submission of service Tax payment and returns * Preparing MIS report on monthly/ Quarterly and submit to the same to the Director * Determining for internal audit and reply audit queries * Follow-up of ' C ' forms, preparation bank reconciliation and vendor payment. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 3 years (Preferred) accounting: 3 years (Preferred)"	0
"Accounts Officer required for Bhiwandi Branch located at Kalher. We are a 20 year Old Company who treat all employees with Dignity & Respect. If you are looking for a respectful job , do apply. Visit Our Website : www.caravanfreight.com 1) Will be responsible for understanding the work being done by Fleet Department. 2) To Maintain Process for Fleet Expenses as per Trip Charts & Maintain Accounts. Ensuring that Petty Cash amount method is communicated to drivers. 3) Payment for Driver Salaries. 4) Mantaining Drivers Attendance Records. 5) Running Analytics & Converting Data Entry Work into the System. 6) Accounting Work done in Tally ERP 7) Authorization of Fleet Petty Cash 8) Driver Bank Accounts to be opened & Data Base to be mantained 9) Vehicles tracked via Tata Tele GPS on Cloud. 10) Will Report to General Manager Finance at HO in Mumbai. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /year Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred) Location: Bhiwandi, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary Finance Activities Job Type / Category 10 to 7 Required Education, Skills and Qualifications CA Job Type: Full-time Experience: Tally: 10 years (Required) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) accounting: 10 years (Required) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	0
"Primary Responsibilities: Maintain general ledger accounts and related activities for the production of financial statements Reconcile, analyze and review general ledger accounts in preparation for month end close Prepare journal entries and reviews accounting classifications, in accordance with GAAP Prepare Reconciliations Prepare documentation in support of external and internal audits Perform ad hoc reporting and analysis and investigate issues and providing explanations Assist with or lead the month end quarterly end close process for assigned businesses or groups Analyze and investigates financial information Provide explanations and interpretations within area of expertise Prepare payment vouchers for processing payment Validate Membership, Revenue and process payments Required Qualifications: B.Com/M.Com/MBA Relevant experience in Finance and Accounting/Reporting domain Sound business knowledge and strong decision-making skills Familiar with ERP tools/packages (PeopleSoft/Essbase/Smartview) Ability to demonstrate the drive and motivation to deliver high quality results based on thorough analysis Ability to demonstrate a broad knowledge of financial principles, practices, and procedures as applied to complex assignments Ability to demonstrate effective and efficient problem-solving capabilities Ability to communicate in an effective manner Good technical skills in MS Office Excel, MS Access (ie. Modify/create queries) Ready to work in US shift timings (5:30 PM to 3:00 AM IST) for one week Preferred Qualifications: Healthcare experience Ability to create Macros Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) Job Keywords: Assistant Manager, Deputy Manager, Accounting, Accountant, MS Access, Excel, PeopleSoft, Essbase, Smartview, Modify, Finance, Reporting Domain, Hyderabad, Telangana"	0
"Background AlexZeal is creating a Startup Legal & Financial Services division that will offer a full range of legal, financial & accounting services to Indian startups through all phases of their growth process. The services include incorporation, structuring, compliance, employee stock options, etc. This division will also offer similar services to foreign startups that want to enter the Indian market What's the main purpose of this role? This is an entrepreneurial role that will be responsible for management and execution of all the services that come under Incorporation Practice. What are the key responsibilities? Compliance under the Companies Act, Limited Liability Partnership Act, Branch office, liaising office, FEMA and other statutory compliance prescribed under the respective statutes. Coordination and Liaise with ROC, MCA and other regulatory authority offices such as RD, OL, High Court etc. , as and when required Various FEMA compliance and regulations for FDI Understanding / knowledge of notified section and draft rules of the Companies Act, 2013 Advisory / consultancy on entity set-up, restructuring in view of the Companies act and FEMA perspective What are the required experience, skills & qualities? Entrepreneurial drive, passionate about startups, understanding the difference between ‘modern startup’ & ‘traditional corporate’ culture, self-motivated & disciplined. These are the prime requirements. Progressive and global outlook At least 1 year relevant experience. Impeccable use of English, both written and verbal (British English preferred). CS What's in it for me? Opportunity to work with a progressive, hip global team. Opportunity to become part of global startup ecosystem and make international contacts. Competitive Salary, excellent incentives & Equity Options. Job Type: Full-time Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Preferred) Licence: Certificate of Practice (Preferred) Language: English (Required)"	0
"Experience: Only Experienced( 1 to 2Yrs) Salary: Good hike on current(20% to 50% Skills: * Knowledge of Objective C/Swift * Familiar with Web-services/APIs. * Worked on Google Maps * Social Media Integration like Facebook SDK, Twitter SDK. * Should have Good logistic and Annalistic Skills. * Worked on APNS for IOS Push Notification. Direct Walk in: -Bright Roots Software Solution Pvt. Ltd. E-302,Vista Tower, 5th Floor, Phase-8A, Sector-75 Mohali. Landmark CS Soft Solutions Interview timing - 11am to 5pm Contact: - 76974-07336 Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Job Description Sutherland is seeking a reliable and detail-oriented person to join us as Customer Service Consultant (Chat). We are a group of driven and hard-working individuals. If you are looking to build a fulfilling career and are confident you have the skills and experience to help us succeed, we want to work with you! Consultants in this role get to: Be the point of contact: Develop outstanding customer service skills. Sit in on multiple simultaneous live chat sessions to provide exceptional customer service. Answer inbound Calls. Provide basic troubleshooting on a variety of products and services. Qualifications Our most successful candidates will have: A High School diploma or GED Excellent verbal and written communication skills; proficient reading skills Multi-tasking skills, showcased through the use of several applications (experience working with CRM applications preferred) Basic PC keyboarding skills; basic Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) experience Proven customer service skills"	0
"Making of Purchase & Sales Entry. Making of Receipt & Payment. Making of Petty Cash Entry Making of JV Receipt Entry. Making of Office Boy Voucher Entry in Excel & Checking it. Making of All Supplier Bill & Challan Entry in Excel Making of GRN in Store Dept. Filing of Bill, Challan & Voucher. Making of Debit / Credit Note. Checking of Sales Invoice File whether Serial no, Docket no & Signature of Hand Delivery. Tally Experience Must DO NOT APPLY FRESHER Dadar Branch : SHIV SHAKTI CHS. A WING, 1STFLOOR, NEXT TO SAHAKARI BHANDAR, JUNCTION OF S.K. BOLE ROAD & K. DHURU MARG, AGAR BAZAR, PRABHADEVI, MUMBAI 400 025 Tel : 022-24311616 / 24311614 salary: - 9000/- to 10000/- Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹9,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Accounting: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Dadar, Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	0
"All Accounting Work Like: GST Returns, TDS Payment, Bank Reconciliation, Challan Entry, Bill Entry & Other Work Regarding Account Salary: INR 2,00,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. Industry: Courier, Transportation, Freight , Warehousing Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category: Accounts Role: Accounts Executive/Accountant Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time For Account: Tally ERP Must & Advance Excel Work Required. For Data Entry Operator: Tally ERP + Advance Excel Work Required, MIS Report Preparing (Daily, Monthly, Yearly), Mail Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Job Type: Full-time"	0
"Required: - Senior Accountant experience- minimum 8-9 years Qualification- Bcom Graduate Location- Kolkata Salary- 25-30 k The desired candidate should have knowledge in GST return and filling, accounts finalisation, Tally, MS excel, bank BRS. Should have good communication. Should be smart. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: accounting: 8 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary This is a mid to senior level position. The accountant would report directly to senior management and work with auditors and cashiers. Responsibilities and Duties *Maintain accounts daily accounts *Build relations with local partner banks *Supervise cashiers *File returns and other statutory work Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Bachelor's Degree (min. requirement) Familiar with ERP accounting systems At ease on computers Prior experience is preferred but not required Benefits Full training provided Opportunity to grow and build a good career Outstation applicants will be provided accommodation facility. Job Type: Full-time"	0
"we are hiring Charted Accountant for leading automobile dealership of Bhilwara Rajasthan. candidate must have complete knowledge of company audit . salary no bar for right candidate . Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: accounting: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Job Locations:Mumbai Minimum Qualification:Graduation Experience:4 - 6 years Job Summary: Prepare profit and loss statements and monthly closing and cost accounting reports. Compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts, such as general ledger accounts, and document business transactions. Establish, maintain, and coordinate the implementation of accounting and accounting control procedures. Analyze and review budgets and expenditures for local, state, federal, and private funding, contracts, and grants. Description: Internal audit of account income Tax Sales Tax Finance Excise service tax Reporting to Finance Controller We look forward to employing dedicated professionals with various kinds of expertise since we are constantly expanding. you can reach us at: jobs@aryans.biz"	0
"Coordinate and execute the monthly close process including journal entries, reconciliations and financial statement preparation for reporting to senior management, bank, and shareholders Manage annual financial statement audit and other sales/use tax audits Manage the tenant billing process performed by an assistant Perform daily bank/cash reconciliation Manage intercompany transactions Involved in Cash Flow and Budget process Oversee weekly payroll and perform annual payroll related filings Maintain Personnel Files Participate in Office Management function Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"WANTED A GOOD ACCOUNTANT, WELL VERSED IN TALLY ERP 9, GST FILINGS,BOOK KEEPING AND PAYMENTS MAIN KNOWLEDGE OF TALLY AND GENERAL OVERALL KNOWLEDGE OF ACCOUNTING. MAJOR SKILLS: TALLY ERP9 EXPERIENCE IS MUST JOB TIMINGS: 10AM TO 7.30PM WORKING DAYS: MONDAY TO SATURDAY Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Description: Accountant Knowledge of Tally 9.0 Project wise salary distribution. Preparing of salary sheet on payroll in tally ERP 9. Income tax audit report Financial year calculation Day to Day Accounting, Payroll | Bank Reconciliation | MIS | Balance sheet Finalization | Branch Accounting Preparing P&L account | Handle all jobs related to Direct and Indirect Taxation Handling Petty Cash | Maintain vouchers and Filing | Knowing Tally 7.2 & 9.0 | Service Tax"	0
"Job Summary We are Looking for Chartered Accountant for our Client with 0-5 years of experience in (Relocation to Hubli) Roles & Responsibilities Will be responsible for the regular Financial Audit of the Company accounts Will liason between the Management, Internal Accounts / Finance team and the External CA. Preparation, Analysis and finalizing of Financial Statements. Review and submission of timely audit reports. Budgeting, Forecasting and Management reporting. Planning and regulating financial, regulatory, compliance or operational reviews/audits. Managing multiple assignments and Teams. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 to ₹70,000.00 /month Experience: as CA: 1 year (Preferred) Auditor: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Hubli, Karnataka (Preferred) Language: ENGLISH (Required)"	0
"A well established Retail / Distributor , group requires Accountant/Billing/Logistics/Sales staff for their new showroom in BALLIA U.P 277001. AT - AKASHDEEP ELECTRONICS chittu pandey station road ballia , Job Description - Manage all accounting operations based on accounting principles -prepare monthly account reconciliations -Collect, analyze and summarize account information -Posting and processing journal entries to ensure all business transactions are recorded -Updating accounts receivable and issue invoices -Updating accounts payable and perform reconciliations -Prepare and submit weekly/monthly reports -Prepares inter-fund transfers -Supporting team members on all accounting issues -Excellent knowledge of MS Office and familiarity with relevant computer software, tally is most -Thorough knowledge of basic accounting procedures and principles. - Excellent knowledge of TALLY, Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category: Accounts Role: Accounts Executive/Accountant Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time CONTACT -- 7800224367 , 7355399590 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹9,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred) Location: Ballia, Uttar Pradesh (Preferred) Language: ENGLISH ,HINDI (Preferred)"	0
"We are looking at people who will be performing inventory audits for our client across India. This position will require extensive travelling. Work experience - 0-1 year. Preference to people who has audit experience or have done training with a CA firm. Education: Graduate Communication Skill: Decent. Should understand English even if not fluent in the language. Fluency in Hindi is required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹150,000.00 to ₹200,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Charger Logistics Inc. is a world-class asset-based carrier with locations across North America. With over 20 years of experience providing the best logistics solutions, Charger Logistics has transformed into a world-class transport provider and continues to grow. Charger Logistics invests time and support into its employees to provide them with the room to learn and grow their expertise and work their way up. We are an entrepreneurial-minded organization that welcomes and support individual ideas and strategies. Charger Logistics is looking for an organized, tech-savvy individual to join our dynamic team as an Jr. IT Support at Baner location. Responsibilities: Provide Service Desk support to users either via phone, email or desk side as required. Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolve hardware, software, or other network and system problems, and replace defective components when necessary. General IT related tasks such as running updates and setting up new work stations Maintain and administer computer networks and related computing environments including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations. Perform post-resolution follow-ups to help desk requests. Off-hour on-call support Work with high level managers to identify and formulate long term plans. Brainstorm solutions to improve workplace productivity Thoroughly test new applications provide training to employees Maintain and track all hardware. Education: College diploma or University degree in B.E/B.Tech or equivalent/related discipline Industry recognized Education Diplomas MCSE, A+ would be definite assets. Requirements: Minimum of 1-2 years of experience providing help desk support is required Understanding of network systems is an asset Excellent knowledge of Windows Operating systems, Microsoft Office Suite Knowledge of various software suites – Advanced Excel, Adobe CS, Visio Basic working knowledge of Active Directory, Networking (TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, FTP), Remote Access, Printers/Projectors Excellent verbal and written communication skills Problem solving and decision-making skills with the ability to work in a team environment Job Type: Full-time Experience: IT Support: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred) Location: Baner, Pune, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	0
"Urgent requiremnt for Node.js Developer Designation: -Node.js Developer Experience: - 6Months to 2 yrs Location: - Mohali Requirements : Experience with Node.js Framework, JavaScript tools. Proficiency in RESTful APIs and API Communications. Strong proficiency in Javascript. Experience with ExpressJs, ReactJs, AngularJs and Redux. Experience with MySQL and MongoDB. Good knowledge of OOPS concept. Direct walk in -Bright Roots Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. E-302, Vista Tower, 5th Floor, Phase- 8A, Sectro-75, Mohali Landmark- CS Soft Solutions. Time- 11:00AM- 05:00PM Call- 01722237449, 7696407336 for more details. Thanks & Regards HR Executive Ekta Thakur Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month"	0
"Ascend Capital is a new age digital NBFC, providing capital to the vast majority of MSME businesses that are currently unable to access finance from traditional channels. We are looking for highly motivated individuals willing to work in a fast paced startup environment in Jaipur. The workplace is very dynamic with constant improvements with a great growth opportunity. Responsibilities : - Complete loan credit underwriting including preparing CAM, sanction, verification Conduct thorough analysis of loan cases to infer customer income and repayment capability Check for any red flags in the loan cases and resolve them and issue alerts Prepare detailed estimates of income and expenses for businesses Conduct in person interviews with customers Educate the customers about the loan they are taking Provide a great customer experience Ensure timely repayment of loans Required work experience and skills : - Previous Credit / FI experience in AU or Aavas prefered. 2-5 years experience as credit officer in an NBFC or MFI Strong attention to detail and team player Minimum education level - Graduate, CA Inter / Final preferred Willingness to learn and work hard Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹350,000.00 to ₹600,000.00 /year Experience: credit underwriting and FI: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Requisition Title:Jr. Officer / Assistant Officer – Material - Vikram Cement Works, Khor Job Number::180109OO Schedule:Full-time Primary Location:IND-MP-Vikram Cement, Khor Organization:Vikram Cement Works Introduction about the Business_1 A US $40 billion corporation the Aditya Birla Group is in the League of Fortune 500. It is anchored by an extraordinary force of over 136000 employees belonging to 42 different nationalities. The Group operates in 36 countries Australia Austria Bangladesh Brazil Canada China Egypt France Germany Hungary India Indonesia Italy Ivory Coast Japan Korea Laos Luxembourg Malaysia Myanmar Philippines Poland Russia Singapore South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Tanzania Thailand Turkey UAE UK USA and Vietnam.UltraTech Cement Limited has an annual capacity of 52 million tonnes. It manufactures and markets Ordinary Portland Cement Portland Blast Furnace Slag Cement and Portland Pozzalana Cement. It also manufactures ready mix concrete RMC. The company has 11 integrated plants one white cement plant one clinkerisation plant in UAE 15 grinding units 11 in India UltraTech Cement is the countrys largest exporter of cement clinker. The export markets span countries around the Indian Ocean Africa Europe and the Middle East.2 in UAE one in Bahrain and Bangladesh each and and five terminals four in India and one in Sri Lanka.UltraTech Cement is the countrys largest exporter of cement clinker. The export markets span countries around the Indian Ocean Africa Europe and the Middle East. Description 1. Preparation of Fuel / RM / PP Bags Rolling Plan 2. Daily Report and Monthly MIS 3. Budget activities and monthly Rolling Plan and upload in TM1 4. Send enquiry for supply and transportation of different RM items, prepare CS and issue of orders as per Delegation. 5. Monitoring & co-ordinating Materials receipts activities including vehicle Gate Entry and GRN Preparation. 6. Hands on experience in SAP including Stock transfer, new Codes creation, Invoice generation, vendor rating etc. 7. Exposure of handling Import consignment, accounting and reconciliation. 8. Follow up for timely inspection/approval of materials in compliance with SOP/DOP 9. Disposal of rejected / excess materials. 10. Communication with supplier / Transporter / contractors 11. Market Intelligence for AFR Procurement, Road Transportation etc. 12. Visit at RM Sources and co-ordinate lifting of Materials by Road / Rail. 13. Practice safe materials storage and handling practices. 14. Maintain good housekeeping in respective area. 15. Ensure Compliance with ISO/SA-8000/OHSAS/HIRA/CSM/Road Safety. 16. Practice safe materials storage and handling practices. Qualifications B Com, M Com / Diploma / Certificate in Materials Management. Indian Rupee (INR) Experience Level 6 - 8 Years Reports to: Manager Last Date of Application Jun 8, 2019, 6:29:00 PM"	0
"Contact : Shaikh Abdulla (Recruitment Manager) No. 8356828820 Job Location : Borivali (Mumbai) Experienced : 3 to 5 years Qualification : Inter CA Only Male candidate is prefered. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 /month"	0
"Revised -Target Revised -Description Revised Weightage % IRDA / Direct Expenses & Commission Payable A/c Reconciliation, Allocation & Analysis of all Commission Payables accounts to be done with due diligence, within TAT and with proper documentation and item-wise explanation of each outstanding entry. Invoice Approval ,Hard copies Follow up & Dispatch, Comm Query/ Statements, Rate updation in Modules, # To be Done on Fortnightly basis 30 Debit Balances in Agent Float Follow up on Debit Balances in Agent Float & Motor Dealers. Analysis of Credit Float / Notional Float.PDA, BG and Marine float Reco 10 MIS CWIP/Fixed Assets & MIS of EMD,Rent & others. 10 MIS on Branch P&L MIS on Branch P&L 20 Internal Audit Internal Audit Compliance & Taxation 15 Booking Expenses Booking , Voucher Archival & Ledger Scrutiny & reduction in stale cheques . 15"	0
"1.Should have excellent knowledge of Tally, handling statutory compliances including GST, TDS, Income tax and filing necessary return with concerned authorities on timely basis. 2. Maintaining accounting records and preparing accounts and management information for the business. 3 Preparation of MIS reports & Perform special studies or analyses of MIS from time to time as needed. 4. Create reports that would update the organization of its financial standing 5. Need to manage all the Expenses of the organization and billing from client 6. Should have good communication skills. Salary: INR 2,50,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Industry: Retail, Wholesale Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category: Accounts Role: Accounts Executive/Accountant Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Job Type: Full-time"	0
"We require an Accountant who will handle the day-to-day operations of the Accounts and Administration at our Head Office in Cotton Green, Mumbai. Below are the following works that we expect the person to do: BANK: * Day-to-Day bank reconciliation / banking entries * Communicating with the Bank on email and by phone * Creating stock statements every month for submission to the Bank - GST and TAXATION: * Maintaining correct GST, TDS, Profession Tax, etc. records on Tally and in our system * Co-ordination with CA in Ahmedabad for monthly and annual filings - SALES & PURCHASES: * Creation of Sales Bills / reconciliation of Payments with Sales bills * Follow up with customers on payment of sales invoices * Day-to-day entries of all purchases in our Factory and maintaining the records of the hard copies of all bills - HUMAN RESOURCES: * Communication with HR data entry operator for entries of profession tax, worker's compensation, etc. into Tally system on a month to month basis * Reconciliation of payments to workers and staff on a monthly basis * Maintaining e-mail communication with Labour Lawyer for any and all documents required What we expect from the candidate: - Should be fluent in English and Hindi/Gujarati (Speaking & Writing) - Fluent knowledge in Tally ERP 9 - Fluent knowledge in Word and Excel - Should be motivated to work and be ambitious - Should be able to come up with innovative ideas for improving Company systems - Hard-working and willing to do any and all jobs required - Willing to travel anywhere in Mumbai for deliver/pick-up samples/couriers/ etc. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 5 years (Preferred) accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary Profile - Senior Accountant Company - Quiz electronics LLP Responsibilities and Duties ** Contact - 7498689952 - HR.Hemangi ** Senior Accountant Job Duties: Prepares and records asset, liability, revenue, and expenses entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Maintains and balances subsidiary accounts by verifying, allocating, posting, reconciling transactions; resolving discrepancies. Maintains general ledger by transferring subsidiary accounts; preparing a trial balance; reconciling entries. Summarizes financial status by collecting information; preparing balance sheet, profit and loss, and other statements. Produces payroll by initiating computer processing; printing checks, verifying finished product.Completes external audit by analyzing and scheduling general ledger accounts; providing information for auditors. Avoids legal challenges by complying with legal requirements. Secures financial information by completing database backups. Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential. Mandatory Skills: - Tally GST TDS Finalization CA Coordination Qualifications and Skills Graduate Mandatory Skills: - Tally GST TDS Finalization CA Coordination Benefits Bonus Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹18,000.00 to ₹22,000.00 /month"	0
"ACCOUNTANT 2 YEARS EXPERIENCE IN TRAVEL INDUSTRY DEGREE/ DIPLOMA IN ACCOUNTING Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	0
"Dear Candidate, Greetings from NUTECH! We are looking for an Accounting and Finance Manager to supervise, track and evaluate day-to-day activities. Work Profile: Manage and oversee the daily operations of the accounting department. Monitor and analyze the day-to-day financial operations within the company. Establish and Ensure proper operational compliance, accounting and financial methods, policies and principles, and regulations for any necessary entities Prepare asset, liability and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Maintain internal control and safeguards for receipt of revenue, costs, and budgets and actual expenditures Verify, allocate, post and reconcile accounts payable and receivable. Should be proficient with Cash Management, Accounts Reports & MIS, Final Accounts & P&L, Balance Sheets, Book Keeping, Tally, Excel, etc. Hands on experience in Bank reconciliation and Petty Cash. Complete knowledge of present GST structure, Letter of Credit, Bank Guarantee, TDS return filing calculation, IT Scrutiny works and other Tax calculation. Respond to inquiries from staff regarding budgets, deposits, disbursement and grant reporting requests. Maintains financial security by following internal controls. Manage and track the performance of invested assets, in alignment with the policies and investment guidelines. Assist management in the annual budgeting and planning process, administering and reviewing all financial plans and in preparing year-end books for audit. Prepare financial statements and supporting schedules according to monthly close schedule. Advise on investment activities and provide strategies that the company should take. Maintain the financial health of the organization. Secures financial information by completing data base backups. Prepare Monthly closing & analysis report. Seek out methods for minimizing financial risk to the company Accomplishes the result by performing all the other accounting duty. Contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Providing leadership in strengthening internal communications with staff at all levels throughout the organization; creating and promoting a positive and supportive work environment. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹500,000.00 /year Experience: accounting: 4 years (Preferred)"	0
"Accountant Job Duties: Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Documents financial transactions by entering account information. Recommends financial actions by analyzing accountingoptions. ... Substantiates financial transactions by auditing documents. male and female both can apply. Fresher and Experiance both can apply. Location : Vadodara Contact person : Bina patel Contact no : 8000088095 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required)"	0
"Monitoring and ensuring compliance to financial & Administrative obligations. Operate as an ultimate point of contact for resolution of accounting issues. Manage & record the Daily cash Bank transactions and maintain cash & Bank book. Assisted in establishing an inventory control programme that helped to lower inventory costs and proper execution with categories the buyer’s order & their requirements to fulfil them with maximize utilization of resources. Worked closely with logistics & export documentation team to alter training to improve productivity and hassle free shipment of goods to buyer’s with in the time limit & improve their level of satisfaction. Communication with overseas buyer, vendors regularly on online basis, emailing as well as telephonic to convince them with our number of variety products and their quality & features to achieving maximum sales order to the company. Co relation with Bank and Charter accountant for managing various Accounting and export documentation Bank letter’s, accounting form, bills, p&l, cash & credit transactions GST-TDS returns, GST process & documentation, Bank Plc Letters, And much more all Kind of Financial & Administrative Operations. Ensuring clean, safe and friendly working environment for all team members. Developing reports for top management summarizing the business financial position in areas of income, expenses, capital usage and cash flows and coordinate the preparation of strategic plans, budgets and financial forecast. Getting control accounts reconciled and sorting out the discrepancies to effective financial flow. Also support to online sales team to maximize the sales and revenue which is working with various online portal like Etsy.com, Ebay.com, & Amazon.com to expanding the working areas level and maintaining sources of income & expands customer ratio. Strategically align with the company needs to drive up foreign customer revenues and expand the relationship with clients. Preparing & managing, the all export documentation for the every consignment like invoices cif’s documents bank letters etc Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 5 years (Preferred) accounting: 5 years (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	0
"We are looking for a CA Inter/ MBA to join our growing team at our company. We are a start-up company and are looking for passionate individuals to join our organization and develop as we grow. The ideal candidate will be well-versed with accounting principles and should have in-depth knowledge of Accounting, Taxation, Auditing, GST Job Description: Prepare error free accounting reports and present their results. Preparation and analysis of Balance sheets, income statements and other financial statements Follow-ups and coordination with clients Compute taxes and prepare tax returns (Income tax, TDS, GST, etc.) Assistance in monthly working of GST liability and return filing Ensure timely bank payments. Preparation of financial reports (Monthly, quarterly and annually) MIS preparation Assist with other accounting projects. Skills required: B. Com/ M. Com/ MBA/ CA Inter (not pursuing further) with 2-3 years of experience Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to work efficiently in Tally, Quickbooks and other accounting softwares. Proven knowledge of GST and returns Proficiency in Microsoft Office. Ability to meet deadlines & work effectively with high quality levels. Positive attitude with a focus on continuous improvement Male Candidate preferred Job Type: Full-time Salary: 25000-30000 per month Experience: Taxation: 1 year (Preferred) Management: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"CNK is one of the largest firms in India with offices in 6 Indian cities and an office in Dubai.(CNKIndia.com) This ad is for the firm's Delhi offices (CNK RK) (CNK-RK.CO) We have multiple openings for Chartered Accountants Experience level : 0-7 years Areas : Tax ( direct and indirect), Audit and Consulting The incumbent must : Be a self starter Have ability to lead teams Have great English language skills Have the desire to learn and to work hard What We promise : Exposure to the best clients Great working and learning atmosphere Work life balance a friendly working environment Continued professional growth Job Type: Full-time Experience: leadership: 1 year (Preferred) Language: English (Required)"	0
"We've all needed help from a Customer Service Executive at one time or another, sometimes it’s a cell phone with garbled display, or a lost credit card, or an urgent flight booking. Customer Service Executives are required to answer incoming calls from customers for various reasons- take orders, answer inquiries, resolve complaints and provide information. Almost all sectors and industries need customer service executives to handle queries and complaints from their customers. Job Role and Responsibilities Answer calls/Email/Chat professionally to provide information about products and services, take/cancel orders, or obtain details of complaints. Follow up to ensure that appropriate actions were taken on customers' requests. Refer unresolved customer grievances or special requests to designated departments for further investigation. Competencies and Skills Required We are looking for candidates who have good communications skills, interpersonal skills and can handle stress well. The candidate should possess good listening skills, and the ability to think quickly, to make a recommendation or solution to the customer's problem. A clear and pleasant speaking voice and fluency in English is also desired. Job Type : Full Time Salary: 15400 per month + Benefits (T&C Apply) Education: Graduates/Undergraduates/ 12 pass out Experience: Freshers can apply Working Hours: Rotational Shifts (24/7 Work Environment) Perks: Exciting activities/ Fun Fridays Subsidized food in 24X7 cafeteria Free learning and training opportunities Tags: bpo, fresher, 12th Pass, Call center, call centre, tele support, chat support, bpo executive, bpo non voice, customer care, email support, customer service, customer service, customer support, customer experience, customer representative, customer care specialist, senior support specialist, call center representative, customer support associate, customer success executive, customer support specialist, csr representative, cs executive, member services representative, customer service representative, customer support representative, technical support representative, customer relations representative, inbound call center representative, inbound customer service representative Job Type: Full-time"	0
"Job Summary Driving the business through Chartered accountants, Real Estate Consultants, Real Estate Developers, and Corporate Clients Build relationships with Chartered accountants, Real Estate Consultants, Real Estate Developers, and Corporate Clients and drive customer satisfaction resulting into business Increase the number Chartered accountants, Real Estate Consultants, Real Estate Developers, and Corporate Clients Meetings with Chartered accountants, Real Estate Consultants, Real Estate Developers, and Corporate Clients Regular monitoring of data and converting the same into disbursement Taking active participation with team for any support Responsibilities and Duties Execution of sales promotion activities Daily morning meeting with team and boss to plan the day Driving the business through Chartered accountants, Real Estate Consultants, Real Estate Developers, and Corporate Clients Meetings with accountants or concern persons for resolving queries Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Minimum 6 months experience of marketing or sales Having good body language Having good communication skills Having good organisational behaviour Having skill of team building and leadership Dealing with changes Domain knowledge Benefits Training will be provide by us regarding job profile We will support for personal as well as professional growth Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹18,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Ahmedabad, Gujarat (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	0
"UI Developer Job Description: Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked, or Internet- related computer programs, primarily for end users. Using current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming, and performs testing and debugging of applications. Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance. May interact with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications. Responsibilities: Designs enhancements, updates, and programming changes for portions and subsystems of end-user applications software running on local, networked, and Internet- based platforms. Analyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on specific objectives and established project guidelines. Executes and writes portions of testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs issues with code and suggests changes or improvements. Participates as a member of project team of other software applications engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for assigned applications portion or subsystem. Collaborates and communicates with internal and outsourced development partners regarding software applications design status, project progress, and issue resolution. Education and Experience Required: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent. Typically 3-5 years experience. Knowledge and Skills: Designing software applications running on multiple platform types. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Software applications testing methodology, including execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools. Ability to adapt to new tools & technologies Strong written and verbal communication skills. Ability to effectively communicate design proposals and negotiate options at team level. Familiarity with agile software development. Technical Skills TypeScript/JavaScript, jQuery, HTML CSS, RESTful Web Services Knockout JS / Angular JS / Bootstrap C#, ASP.NET, CS HTML Databases (MS SQL / Oracle) Good experience with web browser developer tools such as Chrome DevTools Strong debugging/troubleshooting skills for web based application Desired Skills Development using C++ in Windows environment Cloud exposure Job: Engineering Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status"	0
"job responsibility; Accountant, taxation education; graduation work experiance ; 1year Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹14,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: CHA: 1 year (Preferred) taxation: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Vashi, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred) Language: MARATHI HINDI ENGLISH (Preferred)"	0
"We are seeking candidates who work efficiently without sacrificing accuracy. Accountants can expect to work with large amounts of numerical data, handle multiple tasks with deadlines, and provide transparent and complete reports to management. You should have a firm grasp of accounting and financial practices and regulations and possess strong computer and verbal and written communication skills. To ensure success, Accountants should be prompt, honest detail-oriented, professional, and analytical. Top candidates will have excellent presentation skills with the ability to successfully communicate complex quantitative data to decision makers. Responsibilities Compiling, analyzing, and reporting financial data. Creating periodic reports, such as balance sheets, profit & loss statements, etc. Maintaining accurate financial records. Performing reconciliation and resolving discrepancies. Data Entry and reporting. Keeping informed about current legislation relating to finance and accounting. Preparing budgets and financial forecasts. Client followup for getting required information to meet deadlines. Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or related field. 10+ Years experience in accounting Strong Excel, and bookkeeping skills. Understanding of accounting and financial processes. Worked with Online bookkeeping software like Quick-books Online,MYOB and Xero. Attention to detail. Job Type and Category Work Place : Poisar (Between Borivali W/Kandivali W) Industry : Professional Services Functional Area: Accounting Contract type : Annual contract renewable ( Contractual agreement will have to be signed before joining) Salary Details : 22000-27000 PM CTC Hours : Monday to Saturday 10 am -6 Pm ( Or 9 am to 5 Pm) Company Profile Accurate Taxation Services We are in practice for more than 12 Years and work in the Accounting and Taxation Field, We are based in Australia, But this contract is based in Mumbai (You will be working in Poisar Office) We pride ourselves on professional services and expect the same standards from our staff."	0
"Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Documents financial transactions by entering account information. Recommends financial actions by analyzing accountingoptions. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Required urgently accountant for a manufacturing company in Andheri (e) experience- 3 to 4 yrs qualification- B.com Interested candidates call on mbl.836 9205119 / 7021588590 te.no.022-2857 1108 preparing accounts and tax returns administering payrolls and controlling income and expenditure auditing financial information compiling and presenting reports, budgets, business plans, commentaries and financial statements analysing accounts and business plans providing tax planning services with reference to current legislation financial forecasting and risk analysis dealing with insolvency cases negotiating the terms of business deals and moves with clients and associated organisations meeting and interviewing clients managing colleagues, workloads and deadlines. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Manufacturing: 5 years (Preferred) accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"In this position you will be responsible of General Accounting tasks for several APAC entities. You will also be requested to assist the APAC Finance Manager for various GL activities & analysis. Responsibilities: Prepare monthly expense accrual and other journal entries for bank, payroll and other. Expenses report analysis, review and reconciliations Back-up for other colleagues in the APAC accounting team Bank reconciliations for several APAC entities Monthly reconciliation of a set of balance sheet accounts Month-end close process for the assigned entities’ activities including Intercompany bookings, month-end analysis Produce reliable accounting reports and present finance results. Prepare analysis of general ledger accounts for audit, tax and cost analysis purposes Complete VAT/GST returns and VAT/GST refund claims for several APAC entities Support Internal and external Audits for several APAC entities Actively participate in the annual statutory, tax and transfer pricing audit of the India entity Ensure compliance with the company policies and our SOX and other control procedures. Support finance projects (e.g. Oracle implementation, process improvements, tax audits). Education, Experience and Skill Requirements: 3 years minimum experience in GL function is recommended. Bachelor’s degree in Accounts and CA Inter or similar is preferred. Knowledge of Indian Accounting Standards and US GAAP is required. Experience working in a US company and multinational environment is preferred. Fluent in English, both verbal and written, and excellent communication skills. Experience in BIG 4 or accounting firm is a plus. Pro-active, hands on mentality, motivated, team player. At ease with the usual software tools (MS Office, accounting packages …)"	0
"- Auditing financial records - Reviewing and certifying clients’ book of accounts, balance sheets and other statutory returns - Business advice (strategic and operational) - Budgeting and reporting - Forecasting and investigating finance and accounting issues. - IFRS Reports - Warehouses Reconciliation - Assistance in Statutorial Parts - Creditors / Debtors Outstanding Report Creation - Cashflow Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹60,000.00 to ₹70,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Accounting: 4 years (Required) quickbooks: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Panvel, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	0
"Job Description Job Description: We are looking for Assistant Manager- Accounts for our Mumbai-Santacruz office. He should be CA by qualification and should have minimum 4 years to 7 years of experience.He.She would be Reporting to CFO Following is the job details Job Objective : Maintain & follow entire process as per accounting norms. Job Description: Will be mainly responsible for Supervising the Accounts team and preparation of Monthly Accounts with accuracy Preparing MIS reports. Ensuring statutory Compliance. Dealing with Statutory and internal Auditors Budgeting & variance Analysis Designing and implementing accounting systems and procedures. Preparation of statutory books of accounts. Tax audit compliance and Income Tax returns Technical Skill Set Required: Proficient in Excel, ERP Behavioral Skill Set Required: Logical & Analytical Skills Good Communication Skills Assertive & Decision Making Skills Experience: 4 to 7 years Annual CTC: Rupees 6,00,000 to 8,50,000 Keywords: Accounting, Auditing, Taxation, Income Tax, Tax Returns, Budgeting, Tax Audit, MIS Reporting, Account Management, Variance Analysis Locations: Mumbai send resume to ritesh.sharma@wadiaengg.com Salary: INR 5,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A. Industry:Construction / Engineering / Cement / Metals Functional Area:Accounts, Finance, Tax, Company Secretary, Audit Role Category:Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Keyskills AccountingAuditingTaxationIncome TaxTax ReturnsBudgetingTax AuditMIS ReportingAccount ManagementVariance Analysis Desired Candidate Profile We are looking for CA with good accounting knowledge. Candidate with no CA experience do not apply. Education- PG:CA Company Profile Wadia Techno-Engineering Services Ltd. www.wadiaengg.com This company is part of Wadia Group. www.wadiagroup.com Recruiter Name:Ritesh Sharma Contact Company:Wadia Techno-Engineering Services Ltd. Telephone:91-22-67339411 Address :raheja Point 1, Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru Rd.,, Vakola, Santacruz east"	0
"We are looking to hire candidates with 0-3 years of experience in accounting. This is an immediate placement hence preference shall be given to candidates with immediate availability. Profile: Accounts Department. Gender : Male/Female. Qualification: B.com/M.Com/MBA The Basic Job Description & expectation from the candidate includes : Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office / Accounting Knoweledge is must. Passing of accounting entries like Journal, Contract, Payment and receipt. Vendor accounts & Bank Accounts Reconciliations. Maintaining Book Keeping. Petty cash handling Documents financial transactions by entering accounts information. Salary: As per Company Norms."	0
"Handle full spectrum of financial and cost accounting, .File tds income tax and Gst return manage day to day finance and accounts operation. prepare audit report Maintain inventory record. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Accounting: 2 years (Required) quickbooks: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"-Mainitaining day to day accounting transactions\ -Cash and book reconciliation -Maintaining sales summary -Prepare and finalize GST returns,company accounts,tax, TDS returns for audit -Wellversed with Tally ERP 9 -Minimum 5 years of experience Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 8 years (Preferred) Accounting: 8 years (Preferred) general ledger: 8 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Position: Tax Analyst Department: US TaX Accounting Location: Mohail, Punjab Experience: 0 - 2 years Time: Night shift Job Requirements: Excellent Communication is a must Handling inbound calls from customers in US to file their taxes Analyze customer's Tax situation and their tax requirements Good understanding of Accounting principles Some experience working with Tally Resolving queries Great at Follow-up Self-starter with positive attitude Education: Minimum Bachelors in Commerce Nice to Have: Experience using US Taxation Software such Drake, Tax Wise etc Address: Nimble Solutions Pvt. Ltd. A-45, Quark Media, Industrial Area, Phase-8B Mohali, Punjab 160062 Phone #: 08725921234, 0172-5020328 Please send us your resume along with salary requirements. Keywords: Tax Analyst, Tax Professional, US Tax Analyst, 1040, 1120, W2, FBAR, Accounting, Taxation, Tax Preparer, Tax Preparation, Fresher Job Type: Full-time"	0
"Job Description Experience: Fresher(Training must be completed) Skills: * Knowledge of Objective C/Swift * Familiar with Web-services/APIs. * Worked on Google Maps * Social Media Integration like Facebook SDK, Twitter SDK. * Should have Good logistic and Annalistic Skills. * Worked on APNS for IOS Push Notification. Direct Walk in: -Bright Roots Software Solution Pvt. Ltd. E-302,Vista Tower, 5th Floor, Phase-8A, Sector-75 Mohali. Landmark CS Soft Solutions Interview timing - 11am to 5pm Contact: - 76974-07336 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹6,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹6,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Presales Consultant - Information Technology Operations Management (ITOM) Job Description: At Micro Focus, everything we do is based on a simple idea: The fastest way to get results is to build on what you have. Our software solutions enable organizations to do just that. Secure and scalable, with analytics built in, they bridge the gap between existing and emerging IT—fast-tracking digital transformations across DevOps, Hybrid IT, Security, and Predictive Analytics. In the race to innovate, Micro Focus customers have the clear advantage. Our portfolio spans the following areas: DevOps | IT Operations| Cloud | Security | Info Governance | Big Data, Machine Learning, & Analytics For more details https://www.microfocus.com/about Title: IT Operational Management (ITOM) Presales Technical Consultant Key Deliverables/Responsibilities: Gathers and assesses customer needs, both business and technical; works with customer Information Technology (IT) and Line of Business (LOB) management to develop an accurate understanding of business needs and related issues Understands and addresses CxO issues Consultative selling techniques to advance opportunities Provides solution advice, drives proposals, presentations, and other customer communications during pursuit Architects an appropriate technical solution to meet the customer's requirements Identifies related needs (lead generation, opportunity expansion) Identifies probable competition and evaluates relative Microfocus strengths Solution Planning and Design Optimizes a solution's fit to the requirements of an opportunity plus the broader customer IT strategy Understands the roles and proactively engages other teams and resources within Microfocus and partners Facilitates smooth transition from sales to implementation by orienting the appropriate teams to the solution design Engagement with SI’s. Ability to create optimized BOM, SOW, exp. with bids/tenders in context of Public Sector, solutioning approach with integration of point tools.} Education and Experience Required: Technical University degree or Bachelor's degree Technical and solution experience in Information Technology (IT) industry 8-10 years’ experience in customer facing technical consultative selling and solution/account management. Must be spending 70% of their time with customer. Minimum 3-4 years’ experience in IT Monitoring & Management (EMS) tools including Hybrid Cloud Management , with hands on experience to do Product demos & Proof of Concept (PoC) on Microfocus tools like Ops Bridge , OMi, Analystics , NNMI, Application Performance Management , Service management etc. Experience in Service management and IT Automation will be added advantage Should have working knowledge on DevOps, SecOps , IT4IT, ITIL. Experience on other tools like CA, IBM Tivoli, BMC, ServiceNow, Splunk, Solarwinds etc. may also be considered. Experience in any vertical industry preferred like Banking, Financial Services Insurance, Telecom, Govt, etc. Appropriate solution or career certifications Experience in Microfocus Solution will be preferred. Job: Sales Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status"	0
"Description About this role Job Purpose/Background: This position is part of the Corporate Accounting team within the Controllers Group and is primarily responsible for the financial accounting and regulatory reporting for certain legal entities with in the APAC region. Key Responsibilities: Responsibilities include financial accounting, regulatory reporting, including monthly closing of US GAAP books and Local GAAP books as well as performing analysis and reconciliations between the 2 sets of books. Perform month-end close activities including revenue & expense accruals, bank reconciliations and intercompany settlement. Review and analysis of income statement and balance sheet accounts and provide commentary for variance. Maintain fixed assets register and doing depreciation run. Regulatory reporting and completing various statutory local surveys. Review and prepares monthly reconciliations of certain Balance Sheet accounts and substantiation of the balance. Support preparation of interim and annual financial statements under local GAAP. Support statutory audits by providing backups and schedules. Knowledge/Experience: Bachelor’s degree in accounting. CA / CPA is preferred. 3 years of accounting/audit experience, preferably in a “Big 4” or financial services. Working knowledge of IFRS & US GAAP. High proficiency in Oracle and Microsoft Office applications. Competencies: Strong verbal and written communication skills. Positive attitude & willingness to continuously learn. Self-motivated with the ability to work in a fast paced environment with minimal supervision. Ability to consistently be attentive to detail while meeting critical deadlines and handling multiple tasks simultaneously. Strong organizational skills. About BlackRock BlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of March 31, 2019, the firm managed approximately $6.52 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit www.blackrock.com/us/individual | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law."	0
"AMD Integral is an outsourcing company providing finance, accounting, payroll, U.S. Tax Returns, Financial Statements and corporate advisory services. Our corporate office is in New York with American offices in New York and New Jersey, and a Indian subsidiary office in Ahmadabad, India. Job Summary We are looking for Person for Middle/Senior Level role who will be reporting to Managing Director and performing below duties. Only Applicants with the below Skills should apply . Responsibilities and Duties JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: Plans financial audits by understanding organization objectives, structure, policies, processes, internal controls, and external regulations. Identifying risk areas by performing Risk Assessments Preparing audit scope and objectives; preparing audit programs. Assesses compliance with financial regulations and controls by executing audit program steps; testing general ledger, account balances, balance sheets, income statements, and related financial statements. Examining and analysing records, reports, operating practices, and documentation. Assesses risks and internal controls by identifying areas of non-compliance. Evaluating manual and automated financial processes. Identifying process weaknesses and inefficiencies and operational issues. Verifies assets and liabilities by comparing and analysing items and collateral to documentation. Completes audit work papers and memoranda by documenting audit tests and findings. Communicates audit progress and findings by providing information in status meetings. Reviewing working papers. Preparing final audit reports . Improves protection by recommending changes in management monitoring, assessment, and motivational practices, in the internal control structure, and in operating processes.. Provides financial control information by collecting, analysing, and summarizing data and trends. Protects organization's reputation by keeping information confidential. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities. Reading professional publications- USA Contributes to team results by welcoming new and different work requirements. Exploring new opportunities to add value to the organization. Helping others accomplish related job results as and where needed. Qualifications and Skills FINANCIAL AUDITOR SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS: Audit, Financial Skills, Financial Diagnosis, Analyzing Information , Research Skills, Reporting Research Results, Verbal Communication, Integrity and Trust, Project Management, Attention to Detail, Objectivity. Professional accounting qualification and/or a Bachelor degree and Master degree in Accounting. CA qualification. Excellent command of the English Language; both Written and Oral 4+ years of external audit experience Job Type: Full-time Experience: CA Firm Audit: 3 years (Required) Relevant Work: 4 years (Required) Location: Ahmedabad, Gujarat (Required) Licence: CA License (Required)"	0
"Manage and oversee the daily operations of the accounting department including: month and end-year process accounts payable/receivable cash receipts general ledger payroll and utilities treasury, budgeting cash forecasting revenue and expenditure variance analysis capital assets reconciliations trust account statement reconciliations, check runs fixed asset activity debt activity * Monitorand analyze accounting data and produce financial reports or statements * Establish and enforce proper accounting methods, policies and principles * Coordinate and complete annual audits * Provide recommendations * Improve systems and procedures and initiatecorrective actions * Assign projects and direct staffto ensure compliance and accuracy * Meet financial accounting objectives * Establish and maintain fiscal files and records to document transactions Requirements Proven working experience as Accounting Manager,Accounting Supervisoror Finance Manager Advanced computer skills on MS Office, accounting software and databases Ability to manipulate large amounts of data Proven knowledge of bookkeeping and accounting principles, practices, standards, laws and regulations High attention to detail and accuracy Ability to direct and supervise BS degree in Accounting or Finance Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹500,000.00 to ₹800,000.00 /year Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary Responsibilities: Handle full spectrum of financial and cost accounting role eg. AR, AP, GL, forecasting, budgeting etc. Responsible for day to day finance and accounts operations Develop and maintain internal control and effective accounting system and policies for the set up. Support CFO in ensuring that inter company cost allocations are in line with management agreements and transfer pricing policy Calculation and maintenance of Payroll, PF, Gratuity and ESIC etc. Responsibilities and Duties Semi qualified or Min Degree in Accounting/Finance/Costing qualification Min 3-5years relevant experience in financial & management accounting particularly in Textile or Garment Manufacturing Industry is preferred. Relevant experience in audit and costing is advantageous. Excellent strategic planning skills and able to interact with all levels. Good MS Office skills particularly strong capabilities in MS Excel. Able to work independently and highly meticulous. Working experience in Tally is highly regarded. Should have complete knowledge of GST Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month Experience: work: 5 years (Preferred) accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Looking for an accountant with good knowledge in accounting Software, Tally or Focus Should have good knowledge in sales, purchase entry Up to 1.6 Years experience- KPHB Location Above 2 Years-Secunderabad Location Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Accounting Software, Entries: 1 year (Required) Accounting: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Hyderabad, Telangana (Required)"	0
"Maintain financial records for client companies by analyzing balance sheets and general ledger accounts. Reconcile bank statements by comparing transactions to the general ledger. Assist with day-to-day operations of the Finance department, including filing, report generation, budget review, etc. Process weekly payroll accurately and timely. Maintain accounting documents and records, ensuring all files are up to date. Prepare bank deposits. Attention to detail and good record-keeping skills a must. Strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize projects to meet tight deadlines. Experience using Excel and other accounting software. 3+ years of accounts payable experience. Ability to complete tasks while maintaining all confidentiality requirements. They monitor office expenditure to ensure they are within set budget. * They also verify account balances to rectify inconsistencies in financial records. * Usually, assistant accountants prepare invoices for company clients and customers. * They carry out bank reconciliation, receipt posting and balancing. They also assist accounting managers in the preparation of annual budget for an organization. * As part of their responsibilities, assistant accountants oversee the processing of payments to ensure they are accurate and made within given time frame. They prepare and maintain detailed profit and loss accounts sheet in order to determine the return on investment. They also prepare and present to senior accountants regular reports of financial activities. The role of assistant accountants also involves resolving problems with purchase order; they contact external service providers to address issues with billing and charges. They assist accountants in performing external and internal audits to evaluate the finances of an organization. They also compile data for quarterly VAT returns. Assistant accountants in fulfilling their work description may also perform administrative tasks, such as taking minutes of meetings, handling phone calls, and responding to emails. The assistant accountant job requires at least a high school diploma as an entry level accounting position. Further education is required for advanced accounting positions. Qualities needed to succeed on the job include analytical, interpersonal, and bookkeeping skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹190,000.00 to ₹215,000.00 /year Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Accounting: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Tiruppur, Tamil Nadu (Required) Language: english,tamil (Preferred) Shifts: Morning (Preferred) Required Documents: Address Proof (Required) Aadhar Card (Required) Driver's License (Preferred)"	0
"Job Family Finance Job Code 1287 Job Grade 004 Salary Plan FIN: Finance Job Summary Responsible for performing intermediate level accounting duties of assigned projects, such as revenue recognition, transactional accounting, complex invoicing. Typically responsible for analysis, forecasting, budgeting and reporting. Serves as trusted business advisor to management related to financial insight and performance. Provides resolution of intermediate to complex issues. Ensures the project is in compliance with contractual obligations, as appropriate. Works under minimal supervision. Key Responsibilities Invoicing: May generate, audit and distribute draft invoices and/or credit memos to Project Management for review based on understanding of contract Obtains appropriate approval and distributes accordingly Researches and resolves complex invoice matters Generates and reviews tax calculations to ensure accurate billing Monitors cash collections for assigned project(s) by actively communicating aging risk to project management to determine necessary collection actions Communicates with clients regarding past due invoices Financial Analysis: Researches and responds to project related questions, including questions from management May consolidate reporting for assigned business area Provides recommendation to primary internal clients May include identifying areas of concern Financial Reporting: Reviews assigned project and/or business area income statement for accuracy; reporting, analysis and variance explanation for projects; identifies and communicates financial risk and opportunities Budgeting and Forecasting: Updates business systems with project budget and current project forecasted costs Prepares and analyzes project and/or business area budget and forecast; assists in development of financial models Projects: Structures and opens projects in accounting system Obtains confirmation from subject matter experts that structure is appropriate May administer project cash disbursements for assigned projects Communicates project financial information to management for assigned project and/or business area Identifies and communicates material variances Compiles project financial data as required for assigned project and/or business area; notifies appropriate level of management with material variances Supports evaluation, development and implementation of project accounting tools and procedures that enhance and improve overall results of assigned project and/or business area May assist by providing documentation to support the proposal process Complexity and volume includes at least one of the following: joint ventures, reporting in currencies other than domestic, on-shore/off-shore, multiple contracts, multiple task orders, and/or purchase orders Compliance: Assists with audit requests by providing and/or reviewing supporting documentation May interact directly with auditors as necessary Supervisory and Resource Management: Demonstrates strong technical knowledge May assists with review of policies and procedures May assist with knowledge transfer and training for staff, as assigned Supports continuous improvement efforts and the change management effects associated with the implementation of improvement Primary Internal Clients: Primary internal clients are associate vice presidents and/or vice presidents, cost review board members, finance managers, and finance directors Management Responsibilities Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or Finance, or related experience. Typically 4+ years related experience. All applicants must be able to complete pre-employment onboarding requirements (if selected) which may include any/all of the following: criminal/civil background check, drug screen, and motor vehicle records search, in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Preferred Qualifications Preferably two years in a project accounting environment, exposure to financial statement analysis Preferred Technical Skills: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Intermediate Microsoft Access, Basic Knowledge of Black and Veatch Systems, Intermediate Knowledge of percent complete accounting, Basic Technical accounting knowledge, Intermediate Knowledge of Financial Statement analysis, Intermediate Knowledge of foreign currency terminology and concepts, Basic Preferred Non-Technical Skills: Organizing Planning Written Communications Informing Peer Relationships Dealing with Ambiguity Business Acumen Problem Solving Certifications Competencies Action oriented Customer focus Decision quality Work Environment/Physical Demands Typical office environment. Limited travel."	0
"Experience tally accountant. Best Salary & time Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: Back Office: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 2 years (Required) Computer Operting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
Responsibility regarding on line selling ... Experience 1year or more... Job Type: Full-time Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)	0
"Need accountant which have min 2 year of experience Experienced in GST ,TDS, PF ,ESI Experience person preffered , Male and female both are applicable Call- +916386903281, 8081988485 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month"	0
"Jr. Accountant requirement at Bhiwandi Kalher location Qualification - B. Com Experience - 1 year experience in accounts Basic accounting knowledge Bank Reconciliation Vendor reconciliation Vendor Payment Petty Cash Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: Accounts, Tally: 1 year (Preferred) Accounts: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"We are looking for part time accountant who has good expertise over Tally ERP 9, GST returns, TDS returns and other tax matters. Candidates residing in Noida would be preferred. Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹8,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Noida, Uttar Pradesh (Required)"	0
"Job Descriptions: - 1. Excellent knowledge of HTML5,CSS3, Responsive Design, JavaScript, jQuery. Command over tools like Dream weaver, Photoshop etc. 2. Should have expert creation of high-quality designs, graphics, UI/UX Design. 3. Awareness of recent trends in UI Design, and has a good sense of colors combination. 4. Should be able to collaborate with developers on UI design Design knowledge of creating Responsive website using CSS framework like Bootstrap, Foundation etc. 5. Knowledge of any JavaScript framework will add extra advantage. Experience: 6 months to 2 years Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Direct walk in -Bright Roots Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. E-302, Vista Tower, 5th Floor, Phase- 8A, Sectro-75, Mohali Landmark- CS Soft Solutions. Time- 11:00AM- 05:00PM Call- 01722237449, 7696407336 for more details. Thanks & Regards Bright Roots Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Bcom graduates with the working knowledge of GST and excel required for the post of Indirect Tax Consultant in the office of R.L. Mehra and Co. Chartered Accountants. Interested candidates may feel free to contact at following contact numbers 9501533660 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Job Summary Candidate have to provide estimation for the provided tasks Candidate have to do communication with the client for any kind of project related discussion. Should have strong skills with PHP, CI-MySQL Experience working on AJAX & jQuery Experience with CMS like Codeignitor, Laravel would be the plus point. Strong knowledge of DataBase Qualifications and Skills 0-1 yrs experience Education: B.E/B.Tech(CS/IT) Job Types: Full-time, Fresher Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Preferred)"	0
"Job Description About Team: This role will be part of the Internal Controls team. This team is responsible for understanding the processes, creating SOPs and ensuring adherence to them, identifying and executing process improvement initiatives, ensuring adequate controls are in place for all the business processes and ensure strict compliance at an organizational level. This role has multiple opportunities to innovate and improve overall business process leading to cost / time savings. Role Purpose: Responsible for driving better internal controls, compliances & process improvements across different functions of the organization. Responsibilities Internal Controls: Drive, plan, organize and execute the Internal Controls for the organization Conduct risk assessment of all departments/ functions Report risk management issues and internal controls deficiencies to the CFO / Company leadership team and provide recommendations for improving the organization’s operations Evaluate compliance with existing policies and procedures; identify and propose modifications / improvements as needed Provide responses to internal audit queries to ensure that recommendations are implemented and all action items are resolved Evaluate information security and associated IT risk exposures Support company's anti-fraud programs Drive Inventory control process and suggest ways to improve warehouse operations efficiency Compliance Drive strict adherence to compliance at country level Evaluate compliance issues/concerns within the organization Ensure Board of Directors, management and employees are compliant with rules and regulations of authorities and ensure that behavior meets the company’s Standards of Conduct Process Improvement: Identify, plan and execute projects to improve quality, reduce cost, increase productivity and improve cycle time by reducing wasted time, scrap, rework, etc. resulting in significant business process improvement and customer satisfaction Serve as a conduit for best practice sharing Train teams on process improvement methodology as per company norms Document all important processes using SOPs & ensure implementation of finalized SOPs and Approval matrix Minimum Requirements/Qualifications: Qualified Chartered Accountant well-versed with Indian GAAP and U.S. GAAP In-depth knowledge of applicable regulatory requirements, accounting procedures Advanced work experience and proficiency with excel, SAP, JDE Have worked in a matrix / multi-reporting structured organisation, preferably in a U.S based MNC. Experience in writing internal policies and procedures and process evaluation and documentation A demonstrated knowledge of & experience in internal controls & legal compliances Strong analytical skills Detail oriented and ability to work and interpret figures and other financial information Strong written and oral communication skills Ability to demonstrate a professional and objective perspective at all times Excellent commercial and financial awareness A 'can-do' attitude and resilient character with the ability to manage expectations The flexibility and independence to work in a changing environment. Ability to work independently Strong interpersonal capabilities and ability to work cross-functionally Proven experience in process improvement"	0
"Position: Software Engineer Trainee Job Location: Chennai Job Description: Qualification: BE / BTECH / MCA Stream: ONLY CS / IT / IS Year of Pass out: 2019 Candidates should have scored 60% in B. E/ B. Tech (Full Time Courses Only) and should have 60% min in 10th, 12th standards respectively Interview Process: 1. Offline Multiple-choice Test (Aptitude & Basic Programming) 2. Technical Interview 3. System Test (optional) 4. Personal Interview Industry: IT-Software / Software Services / Consulting Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming, Maintenance, Database Management Role Category: Programming & Design Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Key Skills: 1. Application Programming basics in C++ 2. Good in RDBS concepts 3. Good in html, CSS and jQuery 4. Good in Php and MySQL basics Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Sale Purchase entries, Data entry in excel/word, quotation, PO,Tally experience.employee salary preparation,GST Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 10 years (Preferred) accounting: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Key Skills: SOFTWARE PACKAGE - EXCEL WEBPRO / TALLY / ERP Experience: 3-4 YEARS IN TRAVEL INDUSTRY Qualification: MINIMUM BACHELOR DEGREE IN ACCOUNTS Good communication in English oral and verbal. CO-ORDINATION AND FOLLOW-UP WITH THE CLIENTS PREPARATION OF BILLING / INVOICING OF THE CLIENTS CO-ORDINATION WITH INTERNAL TEAMS STATUTORY TAXATION, GST INTERNAL AUDITING GOOD COMMUNICATION IN ENGLISH ORAL AND VERBAL. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Tally: 5 years (Preferred) Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 5 years (Preferred) quickbooks: 5 years (Preferred)"	0
"GST RETURN/ 3B TAXATION SALES BILL PURCHASING TALLY BANK RE CONCELLATION FILLING BILLING BOOK KEEPING CASH LEDGING Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹22,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) accounting: 3 years (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred) Location: Dehra Dun, Uttarakhand (Preferred)"	0
"Verifying, allocating, posting and reconciling accounts payable and receivable Producing error-free accounting reports and present their results Analyzing financial information and summarizing financial status Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) accounting: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Senior Accountant For Ratlam Location Requirement : 02 Candidates. Qualification : Any graduate can apply. III. Required Experience : 2-5 Years. Must have hands on experience in Tally with GST. Salary Criteria : 12-25k. Contact Person - Ms. Pooja {8827581747/9589015703} Mail hrconnecting01gmail.com connecting.indore108gmail.com https://www.connectingplacement.com/ Download App for more JOBs Info ""Connecting Placement"" App at Google play store Head Office : Connecting Corporates Placement Services 212, 4th Floor Sterling Tower , Near Apollo Tower, M.G. Road Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred)"	0
"Corporate CA: Minimum experience- 7 years Qualification- Completed CA, Knowledge- Complete know how of direct(income tax) and Indirect taxes (GST), balance-sheet finalization, deposition of both the taxes etc. Budget- 7-9 Lac CTC Location: -Nalagarh (Baddi) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 to ₹90,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Cerner is delighted to inform you that our Finance team is looking forward to hiring a Senior Accountant. The key charter for this role will be to ensure compliance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), financial procedures and tax laws of international jurisdictions such as Romania and Slovakia. You will be coordinating with local accounting firms, consultants and other stakeholders for book-keeping and statutory compliances of certain non-US Cerner entities and also serve as a point of contact for internal and/or external clients and provide high quality service for multiple business units and legal entities. You will also be looking into the monthly books closing including bank, intercompany and other account reconciliations, prepaid amortization, fixed assets review and journal entries along with assisting with tax zone wise headcount reconciliation, intercompany funding workings and withholding tax (TDS) reasonability check. You will also be involved in preparing financial reports for a variety of audiences and updating financial information in Cerner systems. If you thrive on developing relationships, thinking unconventionally about growth and producing excellent results, then this is the place for you. Corporate Supporting a broad workforce requires the best talent in every field. See how our legal, finance, human resources, learning and operations teams come together to enable our company's growth. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: Chartered Accountancy (CA)degree Preferred Qualifications: Article ship training preferably with a Big-4 or tier-2 organization At least 1 year of experience Expectations: Willing to travel as needed Willing to work on a flexible schedule as needed Additional Information All employees must be legally authorized to work in the country where the position is located. Work visa sponsorship is not available for this position. Relocation Assistance Available for this Job: Yes - Domestic/Regional Virtual Eligible Job No Cerner is a place where people are encouraged to innovate with confidence and focus on what is important – people’s health and the care they receive. We are transforming health care by developing tools and technologies that make it more efficient for care providers and patients to navigate the complexity of our health. From single offices to entire countries, Cerner solutions are licensed at more than 25,000 facilities in over 35 countries. Cerner’s policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Cerner is proud to be a drug-free workplace. If you are an individual with a disability who is unable to use our online tools to search and apply for jobs, and need assistance or an accommodation in the recruiting process, please contact us by calling 866-434-1543 or by emailing HRServiceCenter@cerner.com."	0
"Basic knowledge of accounts like 1) Tally 2) TDS 3) Tax Calculation 4) Income Tax Return knowledge 5) GST Knowledge 6) Accounts Finalization. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month"	0
"We have an urgent requirement for ""Chartered Accountant"" for our corporate office based out at Vasant Vihar. Note: -This is an urgent requirement we are looking someone who can join immediately. Office Timings- 10AM-7PM. Minimum 1 year experience required post qualification. Job Description Required CA with experience of 1-3 years with any Industry. Experience in GST and Audit filing. Knowledge of risks and controls Good analytical and problem solving skills Good report writing skills About Company The Body Care Health & Care Pvt Ltd. (Brand Name is The Body care) is one of the leading healthcare management providers in India. We are chain of Slimming Cosmo Derma Clinics offering a multitude of Personal Care and Health Care services. We have 6 branches in Delhi NCR. It is our endeavor to educate people about healthcare and wellness and provide them with suitable solutions. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹400,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) CA: 2 years (Preferred)"	0
"Hi We have requirement for CA Articles, who has cleared IPCC group. Location: Andheri East Field to Learn: Statutory Audit & Internal Audit Management Consultancy Investment Banking Direct & Tax Advisory GST consultation Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary We are a corporate event management company based in Andheri West Mumbai check our website : www.seventeenevents.com We are a small team of 12 dedicated and motivated people The Design Team usually has 2 people, one of who is exclusive for graphic design for our events As a 3D artist and graphic designer you'll need to listen to clients (via the CS team) and understand their needs before making design decisions The handling of the company's Social Media accounts is also done by this person Responsibilities and Duties You'll work on a brief agreed with the client, production head or BD manager and will develop creative ideas and concepts. The appropriate media and style has to be chosen to meet the client's objectives. A graphic designer works on a variety of events and activities, such as Conferences, Product launches, exhibitions. For these a 3D layout will have to be created and the creative content will also need to be made such as backdrops, standees, invites etc Research the best looking stage, stall and other event design from across the world and us this as inspiration for our next designs for our clients Help CS team to make pitch ppts with 3D designs, ppt layouts and stunning imagery Create Posters, emailers, invites, backdrops, stendees and other event related artwork for clients Handle all social media platform for the company including creating content and copy for the posts Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Work experience in the event management industry will be an advantage The work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of industry software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. Keen Knowledge of the following: 3D design (Google Sketchup or others) Graphic design Adobe Illustrator Adobe photoshop Corel Draw Knowledge of Social Media platforms like LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook Apart from technical and drawing skills, you will need to show: passion and enthusiasm for design, with a creative flair a flexible approach when working in a team; time management skills and the ability to cope with several projects at a time; accuracy and attention to detail when finalising designs; being open to feedback and willing to make changes to your designs; Benefits Mentoring by senior members of the CS, Production teams apart from the Directors of the company Opportunity to win Employee of the month and incentives on great performance Work in a very friendly, young and fun environment Opportunity to be sponsored for a course to upgrade knowledge in a software Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Designing: 2 years (Preferred) work: 2 years (Preferred) Social Media Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	0
"Job Description Salary: No bar for deserving candidates Experience: - Fresher(Six months training must be completed) ANDROID DEVELOPER: - * Familiar with Web-services/APIs. * Worked on Google Maps * Social Media Integration like Facebook SDK, Twitter SDK. * Knowledge of XML, Responsive design. * Should have Good logistic and Analytical Skills. Salary: ₹6,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Direct walk in -Bright Roots Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. E-302, Vista Tower, 5th Floor, Phase-8A Sector-75, Landmark- CS Soft Solutions. Mohali Time- 11:00am- 05:00pm Call- 01722237449, 7696407336 for more details. Thanks & Regards Bright Roots Software Solutions. Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹6,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Experience: Android development: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Java: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"A Linux QA Engineer with experience in embedded Linux runtime environment. The ideal candidate should have recent hands-on development/qa expertise with the major aspects of embedded Linux (embedded HW architectures, the Linux kernel, build environments, etc.). The position involves a significant level of autonomy in which a self-motivated applicant will work independently to develop/test solutions. The candidate must also be comfortable working in a team environment and working directly with partners and customers. On occasion, travel may be required to meet with community organizations, partners, and customers. In this position, you will be responsible for leading a software test team or technology to ensure the highest quality of software. Responsibilities: Serve as the Quality team interface to Embedded Linux Product/Services Development team and Management. For specific projects, communicate the test strategy, tactical execution plans, and test results to various functional groups. Develop and execute Software test plans and test cases. Create tests using Linux shell scripting, Python, C and C++. Analyze test results and debug test failures. Consult with development engineers on debugging and defect resolution. Drive the test automation strategy by architecting new solutions, maintaining existing test automation code and providing hands on direction. Job Qualifications: B.E. / B.Tech. In CS/ETC/EE or equivalent qualifications. 4+ years’ experience in Embedded Linux Software Testing. Good understanding and expertise on both white box and black box software testing. Good domain knowledge and experience in testing the embedded Linux kernel, kernel subsystems, and user space applications. Good experience on testing ARM/X86 based board series platform. Understanding of Linux source code and Strong experience in Shell/Python Scripting/C to write automated test cases. Experience in developing Test automation harness utilizing the best of OSS for Embedded Linux QA. Hands-on experience in Debian and/Or Yocto Open-embedded based software development and testing. Experience with open source test tools for example but not limited to LTP, LAVA, Linaro-Test, pTest etc. Experience on working with complete CI System to support to support continuous development, integration and Testing. Have a sound understanding of test methodologies. Familiar with test planning, matrix definition, and test case specifications. Strong diagnostic and troubleshooting skills. Experience of using GDB/JTAG/BDI/DS5 is desirable. Knowledge of SCM activities using GIT and developing different build & test jobs using Jenkins. Good understanding of the following concepts: Cross vs Native Development, File system Layout, Kernel Configuration, Linux Memory Model, IPC, and Kernel-Userland Communications etc. Plus requirements: Should be innovative in solving analytical problems. Must be self-motivated, interested in working as part of a team, and able to work in a distributed team. Demonstrated leadership ability to develop schedules, plan activities for self and others and work well with other functional teams. Strong interpersonal and communication skills – written, verbal and presentation. Candidate must be a self-starter and able to manage time extremely well. Candidate should be able to recommend process improvements and technical solutions to a wide range of problems Experience in creating tools that QA group can use to add value to testing efforts and processes"	0
"Software Engineering is the application of engineering to the design, development, implementation, testing and maintenance of software in a systematic method. The roles in this function will cover all primary development activity across all technology functions that ensure we deliver code with high quality for our applications, products and services and to understand customer needs and to develop product roadmaps. These roles include, but are not limited to analysis, design, coding, engineering, testing, debugging, standards, methods, tools analysis, documentation, research and development, maintenance, new development, operations and delivery. With every role in the company, each position has a requirement for building quality into every output. This also includes evaluating new tools, new techniques, strategies; Automation of common tasks; build of common utilities to drive organizational efficiency with a passion around technology and solutions and influence of thought and leadership on future capabilities and opportunities to apply technology in new and innovative ways. Primary Responsibilities: Lead for the entire scrum team and guide the team both technically/functionally Analyze, design and develop application web component Database design and implementation, Systems integration or middleware solution design Required Qualifications: B.E/MCA/B.Tech/MTECH/MS Graduation (minimum 16 years of formal education, correspondence courses are not relevant) 7 to 10+ years of Information Technology experience 3+ years of experience in a Client facing experience 2+ years of experience as solution or enterprise architect with a proven track record of implementing innovative strategies/solutions Working experience on Openshift etc. (PaaS platform) Experience on Continuous Integration and Delivery, DevOps implementation Experience in Web services- Restful and Soap Experience on HTML, Javascript, Hibernate, Oracle, MySQL and other relevant technology Experience in Angular JS/Java/J2EE Good knowledge in Spring, IOC, AOP and Transaction Management Exposure on Cloud Application development (full development cycle) Basic knowledge in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) Strong ability to work collaboratively across diverse groups of business and technical stakeholders Exceptional ability to communicate with both technical and non-technical people Preferred Qualifications: Knowledge of healthcare domain Knowledge of Agile Scrum culture and CA Agile Central (Rally) Knowledge of CI/CD tools (Jenkins, Sonar, XL Deploy, etc.) Emerging technologies stacks (Hadoop, Python etc.) Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) Job Keywords: Technical Lead, Java, AEM, Adobe Experience Manager, Openshift, Fullstack, Java Full Stack, Azure, Cloud, HTML, Javascript, Hibernate, Oracle, MySQL, Hyderabad, Telangana"	0
"Job Description Our growing team in Lucknow is looking for experienced Software Development Engineers specialized in React+Node or Angular+Node who will extend and improve integration, build features that drive customer adoption, and evolve our systems to scale with rapidly increasing customer demand. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline. Over all experience of 2+ year in product development in latest technologies. At least 2 year of experience in the job offered or a related occupation must involve: designing and developing medium-scale, distributed software applications tools, systems and services using, Angularor React. Experience in communicating with users/customers and other technical teams to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs. Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML5,CSS3 Proficiency in advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as Angular JS 1.X, Angular 2 and ReactJS, Redux, Actions. Solid understanding of web markup (HTML5 and CSS3) and templating technologies such as Underscore and Angular templating, Angular material. Proficient understanding of build tools and code versioning tools, such as Git / SVN Good understanding of browser rendering behavior and performance. Why would you want to join our team? If you are passionate about solving hard technical and want your work to make an immediate impact in the real world, this is the place for you. We solve problems on par with leading academic research for the benefit of customers who celebrate our feature launches on social media, constantly demand new features, and - through adoption - force us to invent new ways to scale our systems. If going deep to optimize for scale, latency, and resource usage excites you as much as working backwards from the customer to develop features that not only work, but delight, then join us in making Clairvoyant the most successful Worldwide capacity planning platform on the planet! What does it take to succeed in this role? In addition to meeting the technical qualifications, you need to be creative, responsible, and able to dig deep into emerging technologies. Willing to read research papers, but also move quickly to turn ideas into code that solves customer problems. A natural problem solver, who is able to think about business problems, operational issues, and software architecture in the course of a single conversation, curious about our customers' needs and dedicated to turning developers into raving fans. Excited to learn from others while bringing your own novel capabilities and perspectives. Company Profile: CodeMaya serves a wide range of customers and supports software applications ranging from start-up client code development to large scale implementations for mid to large corporations. Our core value proposition and mission is to offer the market with cost effective, high quality, on-time software solutions and mobile application development. All projects are managed from the USA HQ located in Pleasanton CA to ensure seamless communication and delivery of projects to customers. All code design and software development is directly and exclusively developed by CodeMaya in India. All CodeMaya projects are intensively managed using agile/scrum methodologies to ensure the highest level of communications and coordination for our customers. CodeMaya is an organization of committed software developers who aim at perfection and exceeding customer expectations. Founded in 2015, headquarters located in Pleasanton, California, CodeMaya's highly technical team of motivated and professional development engineers provide web software, web design, Mobile application development and project management services. Basic Qualifications Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline Over all experience of 2+ years in product development in latest technologies. NodeJSexperience is a must. At least 2 year of experience in the job offered or a related occupation must involve: designing and developing medium-scale, distributed software applications tools, systems and services using, Angularor React Experience in communicating with users/customers and other technical teams to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, continuous deployments, testing and operations Experience in design and development of systems with new Machine Learning models is a big plus. Good team player with Agility and adaptiveness. Company CodeMaya. Lucknow Computer Software Information Technology & Services Employment Type: Full-time Apply on https://www.codemaya.com/careers/codemaya-apply-for-node-angular-react-developer-in-lucknow Job Type: Full-time Experience: Angular: 2 years (Preferred) Node: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Key purpose of the job: Ensuring an appropriate level of internal control and compliance is maintained also advising Management on how to improve system and processes. Providing independent assurance that an organisation's risk management, governance and internal control processes are operating effectively. Identifying risks associated with business and evaluating the controls in place to mitigate those risks in order to improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes. Key Accountabilities/ Responsibilities Determine internal audit scope and develop annual plans. Perform and control the full audit cycle including risk management and control management over operations’ effectiveness, financial reliability and compliance with all applicable directives and regulations Obtain, analyse and evaluate accounting documentation, previous reports, data, flowcharts /SOP. Prepare and present reports that reflect audit’s results and document process Identify loopholes and recommend risk aversion measures and cost savings Maintain open communication with management and audit committee Documenting process and prepare audit findings reports. Conduct follow up audits to monitor management’s interventions To coordinate with the external auditors and ensure that each party is not only aware of the other's work but also well briefed on areas of concern/s. Engage to continuous knowledge development regarding sector’s rules, regulations, best practices, tools, techniques and performance standards Education & Experience Requirement: CA 5-8 years of relevant experience. Excellent data mining and analytical skills Good Interpersonal Skills Job Type: Full-time Experience: Audit: 5 years (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	0
"We’re looking for an organized and driven Staff Accountant to join our growing team at our company. The Staff Accountant position will work closely with our team and operations personnel and handle day-to-day bookkeeping. We’re an energetic company and are looking for a passionate individual to join our organization and revitalize our record keeping and bring more organization to our day to day financials. Accountant responsibilities Perform monthly, quarterly and annual accounting activities including reconciliations of bank and credit card accounts, coordination and completion of annual audits, and reviewing financial reports/support as necessary Analyze and report on financial status including income statement variances, communicating financial results to management, budget preparation and analysis Improve systems and procedures and initiate corrective actions Oversee taxes and abide by federal regulations Accountant skills 2+ years accounting experience Advanced computer skills in MS Office, accounting software and databases Excellent organizational, problem-solving, project management and communication skills Additional experience in Audit and International accounting CPA India Certification JHANVI MAHAWAR HR EXECUTIVE 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month"	0
"Chartered Accountant Work Profile: 1 Finalization of accounts. 2 Accounts payable. 3 GL Analysis. 4 P and L. 5 Corporate Accounts. 6 Supervision. 7 Prepare balance Sheet. 8 Stand Alone Accounts. 9 SAP 10 Ind AS. [ listed organization of 500 cr above] 11 Manufacturing Company experience. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹1,200,000.00 to ₹1,500,000.00 /year Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Accounting: 2 years (Required) quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	0
"At list three years experieance in tally accounting At list six months experieance in GST Tax and IT filing should be known B.com,M.com. * Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: 3years: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Required) accounting: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Finance and Accounting Process works on accounting processes from regions including America, Europe, Africa and Asia. The team has an active participation in the corporate drive for process standardization and enhancements, which has resulted in higher efficiencies, uniformity of accounting practices and quality & consistent management reporting We offer As an employee with Maersk GSC you will be part of a working environment as diverse as the APMM group. Maersk strongly encourages continuous learning at work and sharing of best practices by rewarding innovations. We aren’t all about work, we believe in a holistic development of our employees and so regularly organize recreational activities giving our employees a chance to unwind and showcase their creative side. As an organization we strongly believe in a people-centric approach with emphasis on employee engagement and work-life balance Key responsibilities Key activities/responsibilities would be: 1)Perform detail analysis of Tax return filed versus the financial records. Cover for the Tax exposure, identify the time barred tax assets & liabilities and take proactive action. 2) Review & validate the Tax records – direct & Indirect transactions recorded as per the legal requirement. 3)Liaise and provide timely updates to all the stakeholders 4)Initiate follow-up on the open items or unsettled tax assets/liabilities. 5)Ensure end to end ownership, controlling and reporting of tax submission, review of return & make the required corrections in SAP. 6)Suggest recommendations for development and implement changes to processes and systems - a)Considering latest development in Tax & accounting. b)Which will minimise risk, improve control environment and productivity. We are looking for 1)Financial educational background as Chartered Accountant. 2)Minimum 3-7 years of post-qualification experience within Tax (Indirect & Direct Tax) and accounting. 3)Preparation & Filing of GST/TDS/Income tax return and good conceptual understanding of Indirect & Direct Tax. 4)Excellent analytical skill to cover for Tax exposure identification, and alignment of the Financial books (i.e.SAP) 5)Excellent Communication and Presentation skill. 6)Working knowledge of SAP & Microsoft office. 7)Proactive, Self-motivated and continuously looks for opportunities to improve Tax & accounting processes by exploring new approaches and ideas. 8)High competency in written and verbal English 9)Adapts easily to a fast changing environment and ability to handle phases with high workload and unplanned activities. 10)Team player - works together with others to achieve results and fosters teamwork. 11)Shipping/ Transportation industry experience would be an added advantage but not mandatory."	0
"We are looking for an Accountant to manage all financial transactions, from fixed payments and variable expenses to bank deposits and budgets. Accountant responsibilities include auditing financial documents and procedures, reconciling bank statements and calculating tax payments and returns. To be successful in this role, you should have previous experience with bookkeeping and a flair for spotting numerical mistakes. Ultimately, you will provide us with accurate quantitative information on financial position, liquidity and cash flows of our business, while ensuring we’re compliant with all tax regulations. Responsibilities Manage all accounting transactions Prepare budget forecasts Publish financial statements in time Handle monthly, quarterly and annual closings Reconcile accounts payable and receivable Ensure timely bank payments Compute taxes and prepare tax returns Manage balance sheets and profit/loss statements Report on the company’s financial health and liquidity Audit financial transactions and documents Reinforce financial data confidentiality and conduct database backups when necessary Comply with financial policies and regulations Requirements Work experience as an Accountant Excellent knowledge of accounting regulations and procedures, including the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) Hands-on experience with accounting software like FreshBooks and QuickBooks Advanced MS Excel skills including Vlookups and pivot tables Experience with general ledger functions Strong attention to detail and good analytical skills BSc in Accounting, Finance or relevant degree Additional certification (CPA or CMA) is a plus"	0
"JD of ACCOUNTANT Preparing accounts and tax returns Administering payrolls and controlling income and expenditure Auditing financial information Compiling and presenting reports, budgets, business plans, commentaries and financial statements Analyzing accounts and business plans providing tax planning services with reference to current legislation Financial forecasting and risk analysis Dealing with insolvency cases Negotiating the terms of business deals and moves with clients and associated organizations Managing colleagues, workloads and deadlines. Will be doing basic entry in the tally of the respective client. Industry: Accounting / Finance Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit, Advisory. Contact Number: 9009223111. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Looking for Accountant to handle the hospital day to day business accounts and also handle ESIC, PT, GST & IT. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) bookkeeping: 3 years (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"We are looking for an Accountant for a Company dealing in Beverages. The candidates should have: - Experience : 2 to 3 year experience in Tally,. Knowledge : He should also have full knowledge of GST, TDS, ESI, PF, PT Etc., Location : Candidate should be living in and around Toopran, Medchal, Hyderabad. Joining : IMMEDIATELY Salary : Rs.20000 to Rs.30000/- per month. CANDIDATES WHO ARE NOT HAVING EXPERIENCE OF ABOVE , KINDLY DO NOT APPLY. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) accounting: 3 years (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"CANDIDATE SHOULD BE PERFECT IN PREPARING BALANCE SHEET,CASH FLOW AND ALL CHARTED ACCOUNT ACTIVITIES. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹500,000.00 to ₹800,000.00 /year Experience: work: 5 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"We are recruiting for one of India’s fastest growing branded apparel companies and a premium lifestyle player in the retail sector. Location: Purasaiwalkam Willing Join Immediate Requirement: Tally Knowledge TDS and GST Knowledge Responsibility: Day to day entries in Tally Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹13,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: Tally Accountant: 5 years (Preferred) Taxation: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu (Preferred) Language: Hindi (Preferred)"	0
"Join Swiggy as Part Time Delivery Partner Responsibilities and Duties Responsible for collecting the right amount of payment from the customers. Must possess Time management skills & an Android Phone (4.4.2 & above) Who can be an Ideal Candidate: You can be a fresher out of college or a 10th or 12th pass You can be a working professional who wants to earn money Passionate driver/rider who wants to deliver food as a hobby Documents to be carried for Walk-in: Valid Driving License RC book PAN Card / Acknowledgment of PAN application Aadhaar Card/voter ID Bank Passbook / Cancelled cheque Benefits: Flexible working hours (Full Time, Part time, night shifts, weekend) Weekly Payouts Attractive Weekly, weekend and monthly Incentives Rewards and Recognition Internal Job Posting Opportunities Insurance Cover up to Rs 6,00,000/- EMI option is possible if you don’t have a BIKE Potential to earn for Full time / Part time / Night shift / Weekend: 16,000/- to 50,000/- PLUS reimbursements Interested candidates, please APPLY ON INDEED & You will get all the walk-in details on SMS / Whatsapp Note: Security deposit - Rs 500 (Each Rs. 250 will be deducted from 1st 2 weeks payout) Tags: Fresher, Freshers, 10th Pass, 12th Pass, Trainee, Walk-in, Hotel, Company, Data entry, Food Delivery, Riders, Bikers, Drivers, good salary, any degree, accountant, computer operator, hr, security guards, Government job, Urgent requirement, BPO, walk-in interview, new graduate, delivery boy, Delivery Driver, Courier boy, mechanical engineer, graduate, accountant, office assistant, office boy, teacher, tutor, supervisor, Social worker, call center, Delivery person, logistics, Sales executive, part-time, medical rep, collection executives Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month"	0
"Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a leading global financial services company with $2.0 trillion in assets and offices in over 37 countries. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides asset management, capital raising and advisory, financing, foreign exchange, payments, risk management, and trade finance services to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We also value the viewpoints of our team members and encourage them to be their best. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you will feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. We are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Learn more at our International Careers website. Market Job Description About Enterprise Global Services Enterprise Global Services (EGS) enables global talent capabilities for Wells Fargo Bank NA., by supporting over half of Wells Fargo's business lines and staff functions across Technology, Business Services, Risk Services and Knowledge Services. EGS operates in Hyderabad, Bengaluru and Chennai in India and in Manila, Philippines. Learn more about EGS at our International Careers website. Department Overview Payments, Virtual Solutions, Innovation (PVSI) group aims to provide technology across Payments, Digital channels, Innovation Solutions (ACH, Wire, Credit Card, Debit Card, ATM, Branch, Contact Center, Commercial Card, Lockbox, Sweeps, Cash Flow, Deposits, Push2Card) in the form of Services, Solutions, Software, Products and helps PVSI CIO group to move forward in transforming the technology organization. This includes collaborating with Risk Management, Enterprise Architecture, Strategy, Shared Service and Infrastructure teams. About the Role Debit Cards Technology team is looking for Technology Specialties for a mainframe application. The role demand to be flexible in the working time to be able to work closely with the Tech Lead and Key Stakeholder of the projects located in India and US time zone. Responsibilities Candidate is responsible for the development and maintenance of application programs Verifies program logic by overseeing the preparation of test data, testing and debugging of programs. Provide Technical Support for System Integration and User acceptance testing Ensure the implementation schedule is on track Candidates must have good interpersonal communication skills and be able to work under strict timelines Candidate must be able to communicate the status timely and effectively Essential Qualifications Graduate/ post-graduate in Computer Science Engineering or related discipline. Experience application program developing Experience of more than 2 years in Mainframe technologies. Knowledge in Banking Domain. Strong analytical skills. Fluency in English and at least one regional language. Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills. Desired Skills Excellent communication skills, ability to manage multiple tasks, and work towards a deadline in a fast paced, aggressive development schedule. Good analytical and reasoning skills. Candidate should also work well in a standalone team if required. Candidate must be extremely detail-oriented and have strong organizational skills. Should be able to take assignments and complete them with minimal supervision. He/she should be able to take ownership of the tasks assigned, must be able to carry on effective communication writing and verbal For the tasks/projects assigned the candidate should be able to coordinate with various teams or groups simultaneously and track the deliverables in a timely and efficient manner. The ideal candidate should be able to work in high-pressure situations and can multi-task effectively Market Skills and Certifications Experience required Candidates must have strong experience in developing, modifying, testing, complex programs involving : COBOL JCL Programs COBOL with embedded SQLs (DB2) COBOL VSAM Programs Good to have COBOL CICS Programs COBOL MQ Programs Mainframe utilities – QMF, SUFI, File Aid, DF Sort & CA Experience working on Waterfall and Agile methodologies project execution Knowledge and experience of Microsoft excel, word & Power point We Value Diversity At Wells Fargo, we believe in diversity and inclusion in the workplace; accordingly, we welcome applications for employment from all qualified candidates, regardless of race, color, gender, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other status protected by applicable law. We comply with all applicable laws in every jurisdiction in which we operate. Region APAC"	0
"Dear Candidate, Greeting of the day!!! We have urgent opening for ""Auditing & Taxation"" for one of the CA Firm. Mid size companies / prop firms / partnership firms** etc Job location - Andheri Experience - 3 years to 4 years in such kind ofassignment post qualification shall be good. Qualification - CA, CA Inter Semi qualified staff with experience* in such field for more than 5 years may also do.* Interested candidate can share updated resume and also share this opening with your friends. APPLY NOW** Job Type: Full-time Experience: Auditing & Taxation: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Andheri, Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	0
"ISDC International Skill Development Corporation is a Limited Company Registered under the Companies Act of England and Wales, 2006 and having operations across the globe. It imparts a set of Skill Development Activities through its structured plan and aims at Developing Skills for Tomorrow. The operation includes the various Skill Development Projects, Professional and Vocational Education Activities, Professional and Corporate Training, Consulting, Research & Development and other Learning Solutions. Responsibility: Financial accounting, financial reporting, strategic business reporting– For ACCA & CIMA papers Management Accounting, Performance management, Advanced Performance management, Risk management– For ACCA & CIMA papers Financial management, advanced financial management, capital markets– For ACCA & CIMA papers Strategic business leader– For ACCA paper Case studies– For CIMA papers Business & Corporate law (India & International) Auditing & Assurance Taxation (India & International) Actuarial science Requirement: Min. 4+ years of teaching experience in ACCA/CIMA. Any graduate with professional qualification in ACCA/FCMA/CA/CMA/other equivalent courses. Ready to travel across the India. Excellent communication and presentation skills. Salary: 600,000 - 10,00,000 / year Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹600,000.00 to ₹1,000,000.00 /year Experience: work: 4 years (Preferred) ACCA/CIMA: 4 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Licence: ACCA/CIMA (Required)"	0
"MALE AND FEMALE BOTH AGE - 21 TO 40 YEARS SHOULD KNOW ABOUT TALLY , GST ,MS OFFICE AND GOOD SPEAKING ENGLISH AND GOOD TYPING SPED Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹19,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Required) accounting: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Job Summary - we are looking for an experienced Financial Accountant to monitor all financial data and prepare accurate statements for our company. - Financial Accountant responsibilities include budgeting, managing tax payments and performing internal audit, conducting cost and revenue analyses, Responsibilities and Duties 1. Gather and monitor Financial data 2. Prepare monthly, quarterly and annual statement 3. Manage tax payments 4. Organise internal audits 5. Perform month end and year end processes Qualification and skills *Proven work experience as a Financial Accountant or Similar role *Advanced knowledge of MS Excel and accounting software *Bachelor's degree * Solid knowledge of accounting regulations Job Type: Full-time Experience: Jr.Accountant: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Language: English, Hindi, Telugu (Preferred)"	0
"Complete Knowledge Tally Erp9 Basic Knowledge of Word, Excel & Email Knowledge of GST, TDS, Eway Bill, Bank Reco, Salary: INR 1,75,000 - 2,25,000 P.A. Industry: Pulp and Paper Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category: Accounts Role: Accounts Executive/Accountant Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce, Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG: M.Com - Commerce, CA, ICWA (CMA) Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	0
Greetings from AGS Health We are hiring CA professionals with minimum 2 years of Articleship experience for a 1 year Industrial Training Responsibilities Manage financial systems and budgets Undertake financial audits an independent check of an organisations financial position Perform tests to check financial information and systems Advise clients on tax planning within current legislation to enable them to minimise their tax liability and tax issues associated with activities such as business acquisitions and mergers Maintain accounting records and prepare accounts and management information…	0
"Job Summary Need Company Secretary or Chartered Accountant for full time position. must have complete final group, have good communication skills must provide all relevant documents about relevant training and article-ship. interested candidates must submit their resume. Final group candidates can apply but final group candidates are preferred. Job Types: Full-time, Internship, Contract Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary Provides financial information to management by researching and analyzing accounting data; preparing reports. Responsibilities and Duties Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Documents financial transactions by entering account information. Recommends financial actions by analyzing accounting options. Summarizes current financial status by collecting information; preparing balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and other reports. Substantiates financial transactions by auditing documents. Maintains accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures. Guides accounting clerical staff by coordinating activities and answering questions. Reconciles financial discrepancies by collecting and analyzing account information. Secures financial information by completing data base backups. Maintains financial security by following internal controls. Prepares payments by verifying documentation, and requesting disbursements. Answers accounting procedure questions by researching and interpreting accounting policy and regulations. Complies with Central, state, and local financial legal requirements by studying existing and new legislation, enforcing adherence to requirements, and advising management on needed actions. Prepares special financial reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing account information and trends. Maintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping financial information confidential. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Accomplishes the result by performing the duty. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Qualifications and Skills MBA Finance preferred, with min. 5 years experience in Manufacturing domain, Accounting, Corporate Finance, Reporting Skills, Attention to Detail, Deadline-Oriented, Reporting Research Results, Confidentiality, Time Management, Data Entry Management, General Math Skills, Incoterms 2010, Import export regulations, HSN codes Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 5 years (Preferred) Finance: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	0
"need FRESHER ACCOUNTANT FOR CA FIRM IN SANTACRUZ WEST .. 316 RAMAS PLAZA NEAR SAMATA BANK BEHIND MILAN MALL KHOTWADI SANTACRUZ WEST OFFICE TIMING 10 TO 7 FRESHERS WILL BE TRAINED FOR GST WORK AND INCOME TAX WORK OVERALL KNOWLEDGE WILL BE PROVIDED KINDLY CONTACT FOR INTERVIEW VIVEK PATEL 961 961 5313 PAST EXPEIRXNCE IN CA FIRM WILL BE PREFERED Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"No. of Job opening 1 Functional Area Other Industry Type IT-Software-Software Services Keywords Internship,PHP,HTML,HTTP,WHO,CSS,Building,Javascript,Networking,Com,c,psd,net Looking for cool geek who want to experiment on his skills.We work on array of technologies from basic (CSS, PHP etc) to PSDN network, We are looking interns who we can test before we include them in the team.Perks :1. Experience2. Leter of reco Desired Candidate Profile Profile Description NA Under Graduate Qualification BE / B.Tech (Any Specialization) PG Qualifications Any PG Course (Any Specialization) Note: Candidate should have either UG or PG qualifications"	0
"Job Information Required Qualification Graduate City Ludhiana Required Gender Male State/Province Punjab Work Experience 5 years Industry Manufacturing Zip/Postal Code 141010 Salary 20K-30K Job Description Required for Family Office. Should understand B/sheets & taxation for Individuals, Partnerships, Ltd, companies. Knowledge of investments in Shares, Mutual Funds, valuations, is preferred. Analysis of balance sheets, fundamental & technical analysis is an added advantage. Salary and long term incentives for the right candidates will to work for long term will be substantially higher."	0
"Require the male candidate for account entry in Tally Software. To work at our office as well as client place. Qualification must HSC Passed in Commerce. Miniumum 6 month experience require in Tally Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred)"	0
"Role: Website Developer / .Net Developer / Graphic Designer Role Description: Design, Develop and Deploy applications to meet business process and application requirements Must Have Skills : Microsoft .NET Architecture, PHP, Ionic, Python, Angular Key Responsibilities: - Having Good Communication and programming skills. - Having good exposure in Web & Mobile Technologies. - Ready to learn updated Technologies and adapt to projects Qualifications: BE (CSE,IT) / B.Tech / MCA / M.Sc (CS,IT) / B.Sc (CS,IT) / BCA / Diploma ( CTech ) Office Location: Sivakasi Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: .net: 1 year (Preferred) PHP: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Shifts: Mid-Day (Preferred)"	0
"Our professionals balance analytical skills, deep market insight and independence to deliver solid, defensible analysis and practical advice to our clients. As an organization, we think globally. We create transparency in an opaque world, and we encourage our people to do the same. That means when you take your place on our team, you’ll discover a supportive and collaborative work environment that empowers you to excel. If you’re ready to share your perspective with the world, then you can make a real impact here. This is the Duff & Phelps difference. At Duff & Phelps, your work will help protect, restore and maximize value for our clients. Join us and together we’ll maximize the value of your career. You will be key in the month-end close process and preparation of balance sheet account reconciliations which would also include Inter-company reconciliations, maintenance of inter-company ledgers and other related records, administrative support in the areas of inter-company accounting, handling auditors, etc. All inter-companies across Duff & Phelps group would be part of your scope. You will be motivated to achieve individual, group and company goals. Join our team and together we'll power the sound decisions that enhance value — yours and ours. Responsibilities: As a member of the finance department, you will be assisting in the accounting functions which includes following, but not limited to: Develop and implement procedures for inter-company transaction booking and reconciliation by analyzing current procedure to achieve compliance with various regulatory requirement, efficiency and quality of intercompany balances Responsible for execution of Inter Company processes as below: raising of invoices/debit notes; booking and review of debit & credit notes raised by inter companies; performing inter-company reconciliation for transaction and balances; addressing reconciliation items, if any; follow up and drive resolution of open reconciliation items; ensuring settlement/collection of intercompany balances and performing confirmation procedures from / to all intercompany transaction and balances Responsible for the accurate reporting of the status of the reconciliations Escalating any account related issues to Controllers Support all types audits - regional /local and global audits with regards to intercompany Ensure compliances with global / local applicable regulations and industry practice Requirements: Post Graduate/Part qualified accountant with 4 – 5 years working experience in General & Intercompany Accounting, Reconciliations, Payment Processing and Audit Support etc. Chartered Accountant qualification would be an added advantage. Strong organizational, problem-solving, and analytical skills Professional written and oral communication skills Ability to multi-task and prioritizing skills Proficient in Microsoft Excel, familiarity with other Microsoft Office applications Able to work overtime during peak periods (i.e. financial close and annual audit) In order to be considered for a position at Duff & Phelps, you must formally apply via careers.duffandphelps.jobs Duff & Phelps is committed to equal opportunity and diversity, and recruits people based on merit."	0
"Job Summary We are looking for a developer with excellent Java, Java EE, JSF and database programming experience, to help drive our product to the next level. Successful candidates will be able to handle all details of software design, to quickly gain a deep understanding of the existing software, and to write optimal, high quality code. Responsibilities and Duties Analyze existing code and high level requirements. Design, implement and test new high quality solutions. Refactor highly complex and critical code segments as required for improved reliability and sustainability. Maintain software specifications, communicate new designs and project coding conventions. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Bachelor's/Masters Degree or equivalent in CS, Engineering, or similar technical area, is preferred. 2+ years of software and database design experience, with a core of Java development experience. Excellent knowledge of Java, Java EE, MySQL, JSF 2, and the use of UI component libraries like PrimeFaces or RichFaces. Experience in Software Requirements, Software Development Processes, Object-Oriented Design & Programming, Unit testing. Experience in some or all of: Git, MySQL, CSS, Glassfish, JavaScript. Familiarity with iOS development, including Objective C and the iOS SDK is a plus. Working knowledge of linux, networking, firewalls, etc. Detail-oriented with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Excellent interpersonal skills, proactive/positive approach to work, zeal to learn, and a great team player. Ability to work in a fast paced environment with quick turnaround of new features and services. Perform effectively in a deadline environment, to prioritize tasks, with strong organizational skills and adaptable to changing deadlines/priorities. Benefits Exceptional compensation package based on experience. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Java: 3 years (Required) work: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh (Preferred)"	0
"Education : BE, B.Tech in IT/CS/EC or Any Graduate Experience : 06 Months to 02 Years Profile : iOS App Developer / App Developer Salary in Month: 15000/- - 23000/- Skills : iOS frameworks, Objective-C or Swift Domain / Industry : IT / Software / App Businesss Location : Noida Sector 132 JOB DESCRIPTION Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the application Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices Proficient with Objective-C or Swift {{depending on project requirements}}, and Cocoa Touch Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc. Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards Understanding of Apple’s design principles and interface guidelines Knowledge of low-level C-based libraries is preferred Experience with performance and memory tuning with toolss Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications Proficient understanding of code versioning tools {{such as Git, Mercurial or SVN}} Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹23,000.00 /year Experience: Ios application developer: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
“A Financial Advisory firm located at Andheri East focuses on : 1) Debt Syndication & Structured Finance 2) Debt Restructuring & Resolution services 3) Credit Rating & SME Advisory Candidate should be professionally (CA Or MBA from reputed institute) qualified with 2 years of experience Position : Analyst / Associate Role includes : A] Business execution: Coordination with clients for information and various matters Analysis of company and industry Preparation of Information Memorandum and Financial model Assisting the senior team members in executing the transactions B] Preparation and maintenance of various databases required for analytical purpose C[ Tracking news and credit rating movements of companies D] Preparation of the business pitches E) Fund Raising Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Education: Master's (Preferred)	0
"Job Summary Junior Accountant and Data Entry. Responsibilities and Duties Daily feeding of purchase / sales invoices into the system. Entries in Tally. Processing, accounting and payment of vendor/customer invoices. Day to day payments including NEFT & RTGS transfers as per books. Regular check on Payable/Receivables - Follow up with clients for outstanding payments. Daily Reconciliation of bank account statement, ledger account etc. Handling of petty cash and bank balances. Systematic filing, scanning and archiving of important documents. Effective communication and coordination with clients , vendors , suppliers , bankers .Resolving of discrepancies . Confidentiality of job, good team work, Time management and organisation skills. Essential computer skills: - Word, Excel ,PPT , Internet browsing. Preferred knowledge of other accounting software like tally , ERP , turbo . Flexibility, adaptability & managing multiple priorities & multiple assignments and tasks, set priorities, and adapt to changing conditions and work assignments. Qualifications and Skills Bachelors Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: Accounts: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Hiring accountant preferably female who can handle accounts & finance independently Excellent in advanced excel is a must kindly apply at the earliest thanks chitra 9769460342 chtrarun @ yahoo . com Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹22,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) Accounts finance taxation finalisation: 1 year (Preferred) advanced excel generating reports: 1 year (Preferred)"	0
"Tally, generation of bills, gst, tds, pt Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Working: 3 years (Required) Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Knowledge of accounting softwares such as Tally, Quickbooks, Xero Knowledge of data entry activities Knowledge of calculation & filing of the following taxes - GST, TDS, PT, Income Tax Ability to create meaningful MIS reports Ability to draw insights on the client’s business given the data shared Knowledge of Microsoft Excel & Powerpoint Excellent written and oral communication skills Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹400,000.00 to ₹600,000.00 /year Experience: Work: 2 years (Preferred) CA: 2 years (Preferred)"	0
"Firstgreen consulting has the vacancy for accountant Accountant Job Responsibilities: Provides financial information to management by researching and analyzing accounting data; preparing reports. Accountant Job Duties: Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Documents Financial transactions by enter account information. Recommendations accounting options Summarizes current financial status by collecting information; preparing balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and other reports Substantiates financial transactions by auditing documents. Maintains accounting controls by preparing and recommending policies and procedures Guides accounting clerical staff by coordinating activities and answering questions Reconciles financial discrepancies by collecting and analyzing account information. Secures financial information by completing data base backups 9899295854 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹400,000.00 /year Experience: Tally: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) accounting: 1 year (Required) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"Finance and Accounting Process works on accounting processes from regions including America, Europe, Africa and Asia. The team has an active participation in the corporate drive for process standardization and enhancements, which has resulted in higher efficiencies, uniformity of accounting practices and quality & consistent management reporting We offer As an employee with Maersk GSC you will be part of a working environment as diverse as the APMM group. Maersk strongly encourages continuous learning at work and sharing of best practices by rewarding innovations. We aren’t all about work, we believe in a holistic development of our employees and so regularly organize recreational activities giving our employees a chance to unwind and showcase their creative side. As an organization we strongly believe in a people-centric approach with emphasis on employee engagement and work-life balance Key responsibilities Key activities/responsibilities would be: 1)Perform detailed analysis with IFRS, using SAP, BW, OneStream, MS Excel and other process specific tools. 2)Review, validate and update upstream system issues 3)Perform upstream system reconciliations, find out the deviations and get the issue to closure. 4)Liaise and provide timely updates to all the stakeholders 5)Facilitate and ensure timely closure of all the system issues which may result in dispute/revenue leakages. 6)Prepare reports for complex analysis and reviews with business. 7)Liaise cross functionally to get quality and timely output for various processes. 8)Engage with the Onsite Head Quarters Finance team for monthly cost sign-off by providing explanation for management reporting. 9)Adherence to RICC control framework perform secure submission on monthly basis. We are looking for 1)Solid financial educational background and good understanding of control framework. 2)CA with minimum 3+ years of post-qualification experience any other financial qualification with 6+ years of experience within accounting and reporting area, preferably in Revenue accounting and reporting 3)Knowledge of IFRS would be an added advantage 4)Flexible to work in any shift, i.e. morning, afternoon or night, stretching during month end periods 5)Proactive, self-motivated and continuously looks for opportunities to improve financial reporting and processes by exploring new approaches and ideas 6)Excellent analytical and structured working method 7)Fluency in written and spoken English is mandatory 8)Adapts easily to a fast-changing environment and ability to handle phases with high workload and unplanned activities. 9)Team player - works together with others to achieve results and fosters teamwork. 10)Shipping/ Transportation industry experience would be an added advantage but not mandatory."	0
"Managing Accounts (Local, FCRA, EU) Assisting in resolving Audit quires Preparing tax forms and challans Preparing expense vouchers and other required documents Dealing in banking transactions. Other routine accounts related work as mentioned in Annexure “A”. Additional work related to accounts as per the need and requirement of the future situations Manages ESIC and PF 0-2 yrs experience Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Human Resources: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"As an Executive (Accounts), you would be responsible for accurate recording of all financial transactions, controlling organizational funds by managing receivables and payables, controlling expenses within budget and reporting financial information to the management on a regular basis. Experience: 2-4 years of relevant experience. Attributes and Skills required: Handling Cash and Bank transactions. Purchase and Sales verification and Vendor Payment. Voucher entry in Tally ERP 9. Bank Reconciliation Statement, Contra entries. Bank Payment and Receipt entries. Preparing Vouchers. Knowledge of tax provisions. Sound knowledge in Accounting and Statutory matters with proficiency in direct and indirect taxes. Sound working knowledge in Excel. Softex form (Software Technology Park of India). Should have previous experience in Finalisation of Accounts and TDS. Must have a problem solving approach and be pro-active in nature. Visa Processing. Good inter-personal skills. Good documentation and organizing skills. Other Key Responsibilities: Adherence to internal QMS (Quality Management System) procedures & Information Security Controls according to implemented ISMS (Information Security Management System) of the Organization. Report immediate Reporting Manager/Supervisor related to incidents, suggestions, issues related to ISMS."	0
"Candidate should be aware of accounts process and policies. Candidate should be known to general entries, Ledgers and account books. Candidate must have a proficiency level of MS office. Candidates must be known to voucher entry and exit. Candidate must have experience in Tally and Busy software Candidate should have knowledge about Salary breakups, Taxation, Payroll. Candidate must have leadership qualities. Candidate must have knowledge of GST Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 5 years (Preferred) Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) quickbooks: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"1.Should have excellent knowledge of Tally, handling statutory compliances including GST, TDS, Income tax and filing necessary return with concerned authorities on timely basis. 2. Maintaining accounting records and preparing accounts and management information for the business. 3 Preparation of MIS reports & Perform special studies or analyses of MIS from time to time as needed. 4. Create reports that would update the organization of its financial standing 5. Need to manage all the Expenses of the organization and billing from client 6. Should have good communication skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary Position (PrahladNagar Office ) - Accountant, HR, Admin, Business Development Executive, PA to Director Role - Multi tasks Responsibilities and Duties - Tally Entry, Bank reconciliation - HR administration - Office maintenance - Support in Business Development of the company - Multi Tasking Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications - Tally - Excel - English Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Language: English (Preferred)"	0
"Handling of Accounts & financial activities on day to day basis. Service Tax, TDS, WCT, Labour Cess, Book keeping, Ledger Maintenance, posting of invoices of suppliers/vendors & 3rd Parties. Verification & Reconciliations Invoices & Transactions of Vendors, Dealers, & 3rd parties. Visiting to Banks / Financial Institutions for gathering Information necessary for appraisal & consulting process. Manage all activities to funding tie-up & financial closure upto disbursement. To do handling of operational activities on day to day basis. Regular follow-up with banks (Branch, Regional, & H.O. Level) for day-to-day transactions. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Accounting: 2 years (Required) CA or Internal Audit: 1 year (Required) Finance: 2 years (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	0
"Description Summary The Lead Production Analyst (PA) is responsible for building and facilitating the campaign deployment process, while maintaining a high level of quality control. PA’s will work in conjunction with the assigned Account Manager and production vendor on designated full service accounts. PA will report into one of the following: Sr.Manager of Campaign Solutions. Duties and responsibilities The Lead Production Analyst (PA) works cross-functionally with Production, Account Management, and Technology on behalf of our clients to ensure successful email programs Building platform related solutions for full service customers. To include: participate in Client meetings, manage Client mailing calendar, asset review, campaign creation, internal UAT, oversee external UAT, change management, manage approval process, reports generation, QA, campaign scheduling, post deployment validation. Primary escalation contact for Client issues/questions related to full service email campaigns. Ensure overall Client satisfaction through timely and accurate completion of projects. Maintain campaign process and program documentation. Provide weekly account updates to BSA, Account team and/or Client. Attend recurring Account meetings (internal and external) Provide back-up support during Vendor outages Working knowledge of Client’s business, goals/objectives, campaigns and how they use the Unica, Eloqua, Harmony, DREAM and DREAMmail products. Track Non-deployment activity and providing a monthly report to Campaign Manager and Team Lead. Update/create Knowledge Base Articles and Client case studies as necessary. Provide input on Campaign Solutions processes and template forms. Qualifications Minimum qualifications The Lead Production Analyst (PA) position is a very hands-on role that requires an organized team player with 5 - 8 years relevant experience. Proven ability to prioritize multiple projects in a deadline driven environment. Strong interest in interactive marketing is essential. Outstanding communication, project management skills are a must and experience within the interactive industry is a plus. Preferred qualifications Education/Technical Requirements Fluent reading and writing in English Working knowledge of: Internet, Word, Access, Excel, and HTML. Knowledge of Internet space/various ESP Clients. Marketing, Business Admin, MIS, or CS degree preferred. General Skills Ability to communicate effectively with clients Email campaigns experience – Unica, Eloqua, Marketo, Exact Target. Willingness to learn and ability to work. Motivated to work in a dynamic, results-oriented Internet environment, focused on delivering excellent levels of service to customers. Totally customer oriented; willingness to stretch to exceed customer expectations. Persevering and a positive mental attitude. Willingness to work on shifts. Competencies Communication Quality focus Customer Focus Initiative and Tenacity Team Working Ability. Qualifications Conditions of Employment All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting. About Epsilon Epsilon is the global leader in creating connections between people and brands. An all-encompassing global marketing company, supporting 15 of the top 20 global brands, we harness the power of rich data, groundbreaking technologies, engaging creative and transformative ideas to get the results our clients require. Recognized by Ad Age as the #1 World CRM/Direct Marketing Network, Epsilon was also named as a Leader in the January 2016 report The Forrester Wave™: Customer Loyalty Solutions For Large Organizations, Q1 2016 and in the July 2014 report ""The Forrester Wave™: Email Marketing Vendors, Q3 2014"" by Forrester Research Inc. Epsilon employs over 7,000 associates in more than 70 offices worldwide and is part of Alliance Data a Fortune 500 company. For more information, visit http://www.epsilon.com/ or follow us on Twitter @Epsilon_India. To view current job opportunities click here."	0
"Job Summary (Interview and process will be in Kolkata)** We are hiring for Baggage Handler / Luggage Handlers / Ramp Positions for a leading MNC on immediate basis. Responsibilities and Duties Handle luggage of passangers Responsible to move luggage from one location to another safely Operate conveyers to move luggage from one place to another Distribute luggage according to locations Responsible for smooth handling of luggage Required skills and Qualification: Educational Qualifications: 10th pass and above Freshers can apply Age 18 - 30 Years only Benefits: Good Salary Benifits Provident Fund ESI Medical facilities For more Information contact - Koyal Roy (9748003018) (Interview and process will be in Kolkata)** Tags: - Fresher, Freshers, 10th Pass, 12th Pass, Trainee, Walk-in, good salary, any degree, computer operator, security guards, Government job, Urgent requirement, walk-in interview, new graduate, mechanical engineer, graduate, accountant, office assistant, office boy, supervisor, Social worker, Sales executive, part-time, Computer operator, hotel, office Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary Post and process journal entries to ensure all business transactions are recorded Update accounts receivable and issue invoices Update accounts payable and perform reconciliations GST / IGST tax working and timely filing of the same Assist in the processing of balance sheets, income statements and other financial statements according to legal and company accounting and financial guidelines Assist with reviewing of expenses, payroll records etc. as assigned Update financial data in databases to ensure that information will be accurate and immediately available when needed Prepare and submit weekly/monthly reports Assist senior accountants in the preparation of monthly/yearly closings Assist with other accounting projects Assist with the preparation of financial statements Analyze and reconcile bank statements and general ledgers Post journal entries for accrued expenses and revenue Maintain and record fixed assets Prepare and file local compliance reporting as necessary Prepare court-mandated annual accounting reports and inventories for client discharges as necessary Act as a liaison for vendors to reconcile any billing discrepancies Office administration Cost management and cost control Maintaining relation with banking partners Maintaining relations with CA Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: tally: 1 year (Preferred) bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Location: Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi (South Delhi) Experience: 5-8 years in corporate - small to medium setup (NOT from CA Firm) Should be independently able to perform day to day accounting jobs, maintaining complete & accurate books, hands-on with Tally ERP Version along with requisite Tax filing Software ( Direct & Indirect). FULL BOOKKEEPING Independently Strong financial modeling skills with excellent command on Excel; Excellent reporting [_Supporting with in-depth analysis including Adhoc analysis non-standard, urgent request of financial information]_; Set up quality procedures, identify & recommend areas of improvements, modification to improve existing processes Should be punctual with high standards of Ethics Job Objective: General & Admin expenses Accounting in compliance with policies/AS and ensure timely payment of bills monitoring of imprest advances, monthly provisioning for all general expenses( Not Limited to ) : Preparing, verification, posting of vouchers while recording of asset, liability, revenue, and expenses entries by compiling and analyzing account information; Maintain imprest for cash disbursement ; Proficiently handling Bills Payable, Bills Recoverable, BRS, Periodic GL account reconciliation/analysis covering Debtor receivables & Bills Payable/settlement (Reconciliation of vendors accounts and correspondence with them to resolve differences, if any) Monthly financial book closure and MIS reporting with in-depth analysis Preparing periodical statements (P&L, B/S, WIP and Project profitability for the month and year and cumulative) Complete F.S. Monitor funds position and requirements on a day-to-day basis; Set up quality procedures, identify areas of improvements, introduce modification, create awareness to ensure improve existing processes; Use financial modeling to predict outcomes; Assisting in preparation of Budgets ( Revenue & Capex) -Fund Flows – Monthly MIS ( with Variance Report) Tracking -highlighting key factors along with reasons/ justifications for variances if any with Budget ; Initiate and Assist in taxation, statutory compliance's, finalization of accounts, Balance sheet, Internal and External Audits, etc. Good understanding of GST and TDS (To meticulously check GST input & Output /compliance) with strictest compliance r.t. reconciliation prior to Deposit of Statutory dues & related Tax Returns Coordinating with statutory and internal audits Support Finance Planning and Forecast cycles. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹450,000.00 to ₹650,000.00 /year Experience: Work: 5 years (Preferred) Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) Quickbooks: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: 110029 (Preferred) Language: English, Hindi (Preferred)"	0
"A Mumbai based Engineering company engaged in the construction of major infrastructure & engineering projects such as: Roads, Highways & Expressways, Bridges & Tunnels, Airports, Irrigation, Dams, Reservoirs & Canals, Railways, Foundation & Piling Works is looking for Taxation Head Key responsibilities: Help in preparation of all financial statements including cash flow statement and accounts for audit and tax compliance Ensure statutory compliances and reporting including direct and indirect tax and RBI (Finance related) Coordinate and successfully conclude financial audits (internal, statutory, tax etc.) Ensure full implementation of Internal Financial controls (IFC)Co-ordinate with FP and A team for data quality and accuracy for all internal and external reporting Responsible for direct and indirect tax, GST, statutory filing, transfer pricing, tax audits, tax appeals and representation towards the tax authorities, support bid/proposals/Germany reporting. Manage external advisors and support inhouse tax team Advising management on any changes in corporate tax laws (Goods ad Service Tax, Income Tax, Wealth Tax, Fringe Benefit Tax, Customs, TDS etc) for their compliance Liaising with government authorities and tax consultants to facilitate operations by smooth tax management Ensuring correct reporting of tax charges and assets/ liabilities in the company's financial statements Providing strategic direction to ensure effective tax planning to keep the ETR as per statutory tax rate Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Education : Chartered Accountant Minimum 08 to 10. Of experience Additional privileges: 30 days paid leaves, Sick Leaves, Gratuity, Bonus, Provident Funds, ETC. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹1200000 to ₹1500000 /year Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹1,200,000.00 to ₹1,500,000.00 /year Experience: Taxation: 4 years (Required) Accounting: 8 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Licence: Chartered Accountant (Required)"	0
Role Clarity Technical Consultant Job Description Responsible for Technical build design configuration of CA PPM Knowledge of one or more of the following areas- within Clarity Base Configuration Advanced Configuration Demand Management Processes Project Management Processes Resource Management Processes Time Management Processes Intermediate to advanced experience with N SQL Development of scripts such as Gel which enable advanced functions within Clarity Identify key requirements and gaps provide solutions utilizing Clarity best practices Advance knowledge of Business Objects or Jaspersoft Reporting Ability to effectively communicate with management co workers and customers is essential Must be able to meet deadlines and work on several projects as well as provide trouble shooting analysis Experience 5-7 Years	0
"Job Advert Is this your moment to make a difference? Join our dynamic, fast-moving Global Finance team on an exciting growth journey, managing multiple projects across the business as a Management Accountant at our Gurgaon office. Here you will get an opportunity to develop your career by working on innovative projects, within a fantastic team where individual and team effort is recognised. The Global Finance team is on an exciting journey, growing to meet client and business needs. This dynamic, fast-moving team manages multiple projects across the whole of the business, giving you an opportunity to work with colleagues across the globe. You will be working with expert CA, CS, analysts and clients to deliver solutions through collaboration. In this role, you will be a proactive member of our growing team, identifying growth opportunities for clients. This level of foresight and meticulous analysis is what will take the company confidently into the future. Responsibilities Preparation of monthly management accounts for UK, SA and India Preparation of consolidated group financials and performance analysis Preparation of periodic (monthly & quarterly) financial reports and analysis Inter-company reconciliation for UK, SA and India Leading and sorting system, technical and/or accounting issues across the entities that hinder the smooth preparation of the monthly accounts Reporting of financials of all legal entities to HQ using the Hyperion (HFM) system Variance analysis from budgets/forecast Lead for answering queries of various stakeholders on monthly accounts Helping group entities with yearly audit queries Helping each group entity in statutory audit preparation Requirements CA/ICWAI Minimum 1 year’s experience preferably in BPO industry working in above profile System skills for Sage/ HFM (Oracle) is preferred Expert proficiency with Excel functions Excellent interpersonal and communication skills This job description is not exhaustive you may be required to perform other additional duties as and when required. Job Reference: IN00077"	0
"Requirement for an accountant who know to use Excel, word, etc. Can communicate English and can handle cash and bills Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹4,000.00 to ₹7,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Location: RAJKOT Education: Any Graduate Experience: 3 Year Salary: 20,000 To 30,000/- Details: Company Type - Pvt Ltd. Employment Type:Permanent Job, Full Time Role Category: Accountant Location : Shaper - Rajkot Gander - Male / Female Job Timing - 09.30Am To 7.30 Pm ( 1 Hr Lunch Breck ) No Of Vacancies - 1 Facility Provided By Company - Transposition / Canting"	0
"Staff accountantswork under the supervision of principal. They maintain financial reports, records, and general ledgers; prepare and analyze budgets; and perform general bookkeeping. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: school: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	0
"Responsibilities: Support to the Finance and Accounting Department by managing daily accounting responsibilities and tasks. Preparing financial statements and reporting are a large part of the junior accountant’s day-to-day work. The ideal candidate should be well-versed in accounting principles and be able to work comfortably with numbers and pay extreme attention to detail. The goal is to contribute to the overall efficient operation of the Finance & Accounting department. Expectations Operations bookkeeping and accounting systems to record accounting transactions on Tally (or any other tool) and preparing bank, foreign currency, and petty cash reconciliations. Assist Accounts Manager in the management of monthly accounts and investigating variances against the POs or indents. Assisting with the preparation of year-end accounts and providing information for external auditors. Maintaining track and reconciling employees reimbursements and preparing vouchers accordingly. Assisting with the preparation of the annual budget and quarterly forecasts. Assisting with the quarterly/monthly TDS, Professional Tax, Provident fund and GST filings accurately to ensure regulatory compliance. Assist with Payroll administration and its related works. Pre-requisites and skillsets for this role: Bachelors degree in Accounting or Finance. Knowledge of accounting principles and practices. Proficiency in Tally (latest version). Proficiency with Email and Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint). Ability to meet assigned deadlines. Good communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills."	0
"Job Description Sutherland is seeking a reliable and detail-oriented person to join us as Customer Service Consultant (Voice) for Outbound Sales. We are a group of driven and hard-working individuals. If you are looking to build a fulfilling career and are confident you have the skills and experience to help us succeed, we want to work with you! Consultants in this role get to: Be the point of contact: Develop outstanding customer service skills. To provide exceptional customer service. Answer inbound Calls. Provide basic troubleshooting on a variety of products and services. Qualifications Our most successful candidates will have: A High School diploma or GED Excellent verbal and written communication skills; proficient reading skills Multi-tasking skills, showcased through the use of several applications (experience working with CRM applications preferred) Basic PC keyboarding skills; basic Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) experience Proven customer service and sales skills"	0
"Job Summary Our financial analyst is a rockstar who 1. truly knows financial statements and can read through them and capture important data points 2. Understands how to value unlisted companies for venture capital / private equity and determine if something is wrong 3. Does sectoral analysis 4. Is updated on news and contributes to exciting discussions within the team Responsibilities and Duties 1. Financial statements reading and data capture 2. Sector analysis 3. Website mapping and web articles annotations. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications B.COM M.COM CA INTER Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Job Summary Gratings from Dreams Media Solutions, . We are looking for Young and Dynamic Tally Erp 9 With GST Trainers to Teach at our Accounting School. Tally Trainer Must have Knowledge on Manual Accounts, Inventory Management, Financial Management, Advanced MIS Reports, Technical Level in Tally Erp 9, GST, TDS, PF, ESI, PT, Income Tax and Advanced Excel. Every Month We Create Accountants, Because Behind Every Good Business is a great Accountant. You can c onfidently appear for Interview with your latest resume and certificates. Good looking with excellent Communication Skills is mandatory. You must provide professional and friendly service to our students in lab and Classroom. Vacancies: 9 Responsibilities and Duties For any further queries kindly visit our website (www.dreamsmediasolutions.com) and contact us directly . Phone Number: 9985943539 Address: #408, Nilgiri Block, Beside Metro Station, Mythrivanam, Ameerpet, Hyd. Pin: 500038. Qualifications and Skills Qualification : M.Com / M.B.A finance / CA / ICWA with certificate in Tally Erp 9. Benefits Every 3 Months we will give you better increment based on your performance. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: tally erp 9 faculty: 3 years (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	0
"Description Summary The Sr. Production Analyst (PA) is responsible for building and facilitating the campaign deployment process, while maintaining a high level of quality control. PA’s will work in conjunction with the assigned Account Manager and production vendor on designated full service accounts. PA will report into one of the following: BSA, local team lead, or Director of Digital International. Duties and responsibilities The Sr Production Analyst (PA) works cross-functionally with Production, Account Management, and Technology on behalf of our clients to ensure successful email programs Building platform related solutions for full service customers. To include: participate in Client meetings, manage Client mailing calendar, asset review, campaign creation, internal UAT, oversee external UAT, change management, manage approval process, reports generation, QA, campaign scheduling, post deployment validation. Primary escalation contact for Client issues/questions related to full service email campaigns. Ensure overall Client satisfaction through timely and accurate completion of projects. Maintain campaign process and program documentation. Provide weekly account updates to BSA, Account team and/or Client. Attend recurring Account meetings (internal and external) Provide back-up support during Vendor outages Working knowledge of Client’s business, goals/objectives, campaigns and how they use the Harmony, DREAM and DREAMmail products. Track Non-deployment activity and providing a monthly report to Campaign Manager and Team Lead. Update/create Knowledge Base Articles and Client case studies as necessary. Provide input on Campaign Solutions processes and template forms. Qualifications Minimum qualifications The Sr Production Analyst (PA) position is a very hands-on role that requires an organized team player with 3 - 5 years relevant experience. Proven ability to prioritize multiple projects in a deadline driven environment. Strong interest in interactive marketing is essential. Outstanding communication, project management skills are a must and experience within the interactive industry is a plus. Preferred qualifications Education/Technical Requirements o English. Fluent reading and writing. o Working knowledge of: Internet, Word, Access, Excel, and HTML. o Knowledge of Internet space/various ESP Clients o Marketing, Business Admin, MIS, or CS degree preferred. General Skills o Ability to communicate effectively with clients. o Willingness to learn and ability to work o Motivated to work in a dynamic, results-oriented Internet environment, focused on delivering excellent levels of service to customers. o Totally customer oriented; willingness to stretch to exceed customer expectations o Persevering and a positive mental attitude o Willingness to work on shifts. Competencies o Communication. o Quality focus. o Customer Focus. o Initiative and Tenacity. o Team Working Ability. Qualifications Conditions of Employment All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting. About Epsilon Epsilon is the global leader in creating connections between people and brands. An all-encompassing global marketing company, we harness the power of rich data, groundbreaking technologies, engaging creative and transformative ideas to get the results our clients require. Recognized by Ad Age as the #1 World CRM/Direct Marketing Network and #1 U.S. Agency from All Disciplines, Epsilon employs over 7,000 associates in more than 70 offices worldwide. Epsilon is an Alliance Data company. For more information, visit http://www.epsilon.com/, follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg or call 1.800.309.0505. Conversant Software Development and Campaign Management Services LLP (CMS and CDS LLP), trading as Epsilon, is working exclusively for Epsilon and hired resources with CMS and CDS LLP would work with Epsilon teams."	0
"Join Swiggy as Part Time Delivery Partner in Jammu. Swiggy में कर रहा है पार्ट टाइम डिलिवरी बॉयजकी तत्काल भर्ती। Responsibilities and Duties Responsible for collecting the food from the restaurant. Ensure the safe delivery of food items at the customer's place on time. Responsible for collecting the right amount of payment from the customers. Must possess Time management skills & an Android Phone (4.4.2 & above) Documents to be carried for Walk-in: Valid Driving License RC book PAN Card / Acknowledgment of PAN application Aadhaar Card/voter ID Bank Passbook / Cancelled cheque Benefits: Flexible working hours (Full Time, Part time, night shifts, weekend) Weekly Payouts Attractive Weekly, weekend and monthly Incentives Rewards and Recognition Internal Job Posting Opportunities Insurance Cover up to Rs 6,00,000/- EMI option is possible if you don’t have a BIKE Locations to work with Swiggy Bangalore: Banashankar, Bellandur, Sarjapur road, BTM, Central Bangalore, CV Raman Nagar & Kaggadasapura, Electronic City, Frazer Town, HSR, Indiranagar, Jayanagar, JP Nagar, Kamn/KLYN & Banaswadi, Koramangala, Mahadevpura, Malleshwaram, Marathahalli, Nagavara & Hennur, Sahakara Nagar & Hebbal, Sanjay Nagar, New BEL Road, Yeshwanthpur & RT Nagar, Shantinagar & Wilson, Whitefield, Arekere, Kadubeesanahalli, Basavanagudi, Kumaraswamy Layout Potential to earn for Full time / Part time / Night shift / Weekend: 16,000/- to 50,000/- PLUS reimbursements Interested candidates, please APPLY ON INDEED & You will get all the walk-in details on SMS / Whatsapp Note: You have to give 550 INR as a security deposit Tags: Fresher, Freshers, 10th Pass, 12th Pass, Trainee, Walk-in, Hotel, Company, Data entry, Food Delivery, Riders, Bikers, Drivers, good salary, any degree, accountant, computer operator, hr, security guards, Government job, Urgent requirement, BPO, walk-in interview, new graduate, delivery boy, Delivery Driver, Courier boy, mechanical engineer, graduate, accountant, office assistant, office boy, teacher, tutor, supervisor, Social worker, call center, Delivery person, logistics, Sales executive, part-time, office boy, Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month"	0
"Dear Candidate, Greeting of the day!!! We have urgent opening for ""*Jr. Manager/ Asst. Manager – Finance""* for one of the Automobile / Retail company. Job Location - Gandhidham (Gujarat)** Qualifications - Graduate/Post Graduate in Commerce, CA (Inter) & ICWAI (Inter) preferred Preference to candidate who are from Automobile/ Retail Industry. Experience Profile -- 4-5 years relevant Experience in: Monitoring the liquid Cash flow Receivable management & Monitoring debtors movement Inventory Management & monitoring the Inventory flow Ensuring Timely accounting & closing of books of accounts Ensure Statutory and system compliances VAT compliances & Issue of Way bills Vendor Management & reconciliations & getting confirmation Monthly Financial reporting Customer claim management, Discount incentives Pay-outs & settlements, Ensure proper internal control system. Mandatory Knowledge Points : Account Payable Accounts Receivable Product Billing SAP FICO ( ERP or Tally will also work) GST, TDS etc. Job Role/ Responsibilities -- Timely reporting to HQ as per requirement of MIS, monthly & annual accounts and audit Ensure proper accounting of all Cash & cheques & timely deposit of same in bank Timely review of receivable form customers’ & review of same with other functional team Monitoring the movement of stock & timely review of stores operations Maintenance & Physical Verification of Fixed Asset Register Adherence to perpetual inventory system & coordination with stores Ensuring Accounting of all day to day financial transactions in SAP & monthly closing of accounts as per corporate calendar MIS preparation: Profitability Statement/Statement of P&L, working capital, ratios Timely bank reconciliation to ensure receipt of collections Annual Closing of the Books, and Internal audit Coordination Ensuring Accounting of all day to day financial transactions in SAP & monthly closing of accounts. Adherence to organization’s internal governance policies. Desired Competency-- Knowledge of accounting principle. Good knowledge of M.S. Excel Knowledge of SAP ERP module – FI & SD Knowledge of Statutory compliances Good Communication and networking skills Good Team Management Skills Interested candidate can share updated resume and share this opening with your friends. APPLY NOW Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 4 years (Preferred) Finance: 4 years (Preferred) Automobile / Retail Industry: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Gandhidham, Gujarat (Preferred)"	0
"Handling all Statutory Compliance’s (ST, ED, TDS, PF, ESI, PT, etc) Generation & Verification of excise Invoice, ST Invoice, Export Invoice, Cr notes Dr. Notes, DC, Purchase Order Direct/ Indirect taxes Computation Bank Reconciliation Day to Day transaction entries in Tally ERP & verification of the entries Handling Internal audits & also coordinating for external audits Generation of E-Way Bill online Assisting HR in Payroll administration & processing & timely payouts for employees Generation of form 16 & from 16A for employees Vendor Management & Vendor Management Reconciliation Coordinating with site supervisors on expenses/ verification of expenses Timely submission of export documents for generating BRC Complete knowledge on GST filing Handling export and import formalities. MIS Reports: Daily, Weekly, Monthly basis as & when required (outstanding reports, Budget forecasting- previous and current year, Fund Flow/Cash Flow Statements) Handling and assisting the Accounts Team in day to day functions. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month Experience: accounting: 10 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Preferred)"	0
"Minimum Experience of 2 years in garment manufacturing firm. Fluency in Tally ERP 9, MS Word and MS Excel. Preparation of cheques, debit notes and credit notes. Preparation of monthly bank reconciliation statements and of sundry creditors and debtors. Preparation of staff salary. Preparing monthly details of GST(Form 2A) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹17,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: garment industry accounting: 2 years (Preferred)"	0
"Should be well versed woth GST, Income Tax, PF , ESI rules and regulatons. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 2 years (Preferred) accounting: 5 years (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Accountancy: 5 years (Required) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	0
Qualified persons having knowledge of accounts and proficiency in computers with a minimum experience of 3 years in good organization	0
Management accountants interpret financial information to make business decisions Broadly this role combines accounting finance and management with the techniques needed to drive successful businesses They provide business data and analysis to managers within organisations to assist in business decision-making and control They tend to be more involved with general management working with managers to analyse cost and revenues the focus is on the analysis and reporting of a companys financial position in order to provide insight into business performance Specifically they provide the monthly management…	0
"Dear All, We do have one very urgent opening for the profile of - CA Accountant - Female and the location is - Kohat Enclave . Having Good Practical Knowledge : - 1. TDS 2. GST 3. Audit 4. ITR Filling 5. Company Accounting 6. Payroll ( ESI & PF ) - Practical Knowledge Etc. If interested please share your updated resume Thanks and Regards Ritu Devgon Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Job Profile includes Accounting, Finalisation of Balance Sheet, Income Tax Returns, TDS Returns, Tax Audits, GST Returns, GST Refund, GST Audit, ROC Work, Bank Finance, Bank Audit etc. Candidate should be 12th Pass (Fresher) or B. Com (Pursuing) or B. Com (Fresher). Job Types: Full-time, Fresher Salary: ₹2,000.00 to ₹3,000.00 /month Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required)"	0
"job-senior accountant qualification-graduation exp-minimum 8 year salary-30k t0 35k per month location-karnal haryana cont-vinod grover 7404222235 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Responsibilities and Duties Preparing Bank Reconciliation on Daily Basis Preparing & Monitoring Cash & Funds Flow on Daily basis Preparing and filling of TDS, Service tax & GST Returns Finalization of Accounts, Preparation of balance sheets and P&L Accounts Carrying out Company’s Internal audit Posting of Day to Day entries in Companies Accounting Statutory Payment Books of Accounts (Sales, Purchase, Payments, Expences, Receipts) Timely Computation and filing VAT Sales tax, Professional tax, TDS, Advance tax & Service tax Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Experience: 5- 7 yrs Qualification: Graduate / PG Looking for Immediate joining Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹250,000.00 to ₹350,000.00 /year Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	0
"Job Description: We require a trainee CA to work under Senior CA, deployed at the client site. Functional Area: Accounts, Finance, Tax, Company Secretary, Audit Role Category: Accounts Role:Chartered Accountant Key skills: Chartered Accountant, Accounting, CA, chartered accountant Desired Candidate Profile: Education- UG: B.Com - Commerce PG: CA Doctorate: Any Doctorate - Any Specialization, Doctorate Not Required How to Apply You can email us at info@investmentjunction.in we’ll get straight back to you."	0
"We are hiring Business Development Manager(IT sales) for reputed company to join its Ajmer office full time. 1. Build contacts with potential clients to create new business opportunities 2. Keep prospective client database updated 3. Make cold calls for new business leads 4. Support in writing new business proposals 5. Maintain knowledge of all product and service offerings of the company 6. Arrange meetings for senior management with prospective clients 7. Follow company guidelines and procedures for acquisition of customers etc. 8. Excellent Communication skills(verbal + written) 9. Candidate must be comfortable in travelling. 10. Generating and executing marketing campaigns across social media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, You tube , etc. Timing - 10 am to 7pm Immediate joining prefer Skills- Graduation from IT Stream (BCA, MCA, M.tech CS , B.tech CS, MSC IT) Excellent Communication Strong IT knowledge Experience- 2-3yrs Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹200,000.00 to ₹300,000.00 /year Experience: BDM(IT sales): 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	0
"SkillSet: sql, div, design, scripts, objects. Responsible for Technical build design configuration of CA PPM Knowledge of one or more of the following areas- within Clarity Base Configuration Advanced Configuration Demand Management Processes Project Management Processes Resource Management Processes Time Management Processes Intermediate to advanced experience with N SQL Development of scripts such as Gel which enable advanced functions within Clarity Identify key requirements and gaps provide solutions utilizing Clarity best practices Advance knowledge of Business Objects or Jaspersoft Reporting Ability to effectively communicate with management co workers and customers is essential Must be able to meet deadlines and work on several projects as well as provide trouble shooting analysis ,"	0
"Job Summary We are hiring for Cabin Attendant for a leading Company on immediate basis. Responsibilities and Duties In travel announcements Serving food to passangers Help and assist passengers in settling Responsible for complying with regulatory requirements and making each journey for passangers flawless Should be able to handle all kinds of passangers Required skills and Qualification: Educational Qualifications: 12th pass and above Freshers can apply Age 18 - 30 Years only Benefits: Good Salary Benifits Provident Fund ESI Medical facilities For more Information contact - Shreya - 8697481434 Tags: - Fresher, Freshers, 12th Pass, Trainee, Walk-in, good salary, any degree, computer operator, security guards, Government job, Urgent requirement, walk-in interview, new graduate, mechanical engineer, graduate, accountant, office assistant, office boy, supervisor, Social worker, Sales executive, part-time, Computer operator, hotel, office Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹35,000.00 to ₹60,000.00 /month Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	0
"Urgent requirement for Accountant in Ernakulam.Freshers also apply .Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing account information. Documents financial transactions by entering account information. Recommends financial actions by analyzing accounting options."	0
Urgent requirement for Male Accountant in Aluva Ernakulam	0
"SkillSet: gel, xog, cloud, operations. Role : Application Support Engineer Role Description : Act as software detectives, provide a dynamic service identifying and solving issues within multiple components of critical business systems. Must Have Skills : CA Clarity PPM Good To Have Skills : Accenture Cloud Platform Job Requirements : Key Responsibilities : Conctractor Conversion Case RRD a: Clarity PPM expert with knowledge of following modules within clarity Resource management, Project Planning, Cost / budgeting processes b: Resource should be able to provide technical support doing troubleshooting, configuration and scripting c: Knowledge of the GEL Generic Execution Language and should have worked extensively to invoke and process web services including XOG Technical Experience : a: Should have knowledge on Clarity tool and worked on One PPM Professional Attributes : a: Resource should have good communication, b: Resource should have analytical skills, c: Resource should have presentation skills, d: Resource should have ability to work under pressure e: Resource should have leadership skills, f: Resource should have team handling skills ,"	0
"Urgent requirement for Accountant for a pharmaceutical company in Kadavanthra,Ernakulam.He She should have the experience in GST RETURNS, IT RETURNS and Auditing ."	0
"Hiring Equity Research Analyst - CA/ CFA for a BFSI company. This job is ideal for qualified CA or CFA candidate with experience in research analysis for Equity Research and analysis , KPO, Broking Finance, Mutual Funds or any other financial segments. Key Responsibilities / Duties: Analyzing Data or Information - Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by analyzing written research, financial statements and valuation of various stocks across industries Monitor developments in the fields of industrial technology, business, finance, and economic theory. Interpret data on price, yield, stability, future investment-risk trends, economic influences, and other factors affecting investment programs. Inform investment decisions by analyzing financial information to forecast business, industry, or economic conditions. Monitor fundamental economic, industrial, and corporate developments by analyzing information from financial publications and services, investment banking firms, government agencies, trade publications, company sources, or personal interviews. Prepare plans of action for investment, using financial analyses. Present oral or written reports on general economic trends, individual corporations, and entire industries. Write call notes and present recommendations, background and breaking information on covered companies Build financial models . Education/Experience Chartered Accountant (CA) or Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) Exposure to finance or any other analytical course work Work Experience / Knowledge: Minimum of 5 years of Analytical experience in KPO/ Broking Research Exposure in mutual fund / AIF industry is strongly preferred Bloomberg Software knowledge is a must. Skills / Other Personal Attributes Required: Strong financial analysis, valuation and modeling skills Must have excellent verbal & written communication skills Must have demonstrated analytical skills Must have good interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate with team members Ability to work under pressure Expert in Excel and other related software Application Procedure: 1: You apply to us on the link: http://www.dawerben.com/view-job-post.php?id=119 2: Register and Upload your updated resume with a photograph. 3: Resumes should be in 'word' or '.pdf ' format. 4: Include social links e.g. Facebook/Twitter/LinkedIn if any. 5: If we feel that there is an opening where we can utilize your strength, we will contact you for an initial phone interview. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹1,200,000.00 to ₹1,500,000.00 /year Experience: Equity Research and analysis, KPO/ Broking Research: 3 years (Required) AIF and Mutual Fund and Bloomberg software: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Licence: Chartered Accountant(CA)/ Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) (Required) Language: English (Required)"	0
"Analyze financial information and prepare financial reports to determine or maintain record of assets, liabilities, profit and loss, tax liability, or other financial activities and Account/Bank reconciliations in organization. Experience 0-4 Years Positions 3 Qualification Any Degree Requirement 1) reconcile & maintain balance sheet accounts 2) general ledger operations 3) Account/Bank reconciliations Salary As Per Company Norms"	0
"Job Summary The candidate shall be a accountant in the CA Firm doing TDS, GST and IT Qualifications and Skills Bcom and Experience Benefits Complete exposure on taxation Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Required) Accounting: 1 year (Required) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) quickbooks: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required)"	0
"Formulation and implementation of Internal Controls with respect to Finance and Accounts Department. Statutory responsibility for accounting of TDS, GST, Customs and other taxes and timely completion of Statutory, Tax Audits by Regulatory bodies. Liaison with various banks, consultants and government authorities Active involvement in various MIS and reporting requirements (internal and external) Maintaining books of accounts in Tally. Reconciliations of ledger balances e.g. Bank balances, Receivables and Payables etc. Checking & vouching all bills related to various purchases, sales, etc. Review of Trial Balance and preparation of Financial Statements. Attending to the scrutiny notices issued by ITO or any other Regulatory bodies. Should be able to do finalization of accounts independently Capable of Analysis of financial data. Calculation of statuary dues & deposit in time. Any other task assigned by the management. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹32,000.00 to ₹38,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 3 years (Preferred) work: 3 years (Preferred) accounting: 3 years (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	0
"Should follow Income Statement Should have experience in Balance Sheet Statement of Cash Flows Should have Tally Experience should have all kind of tally entry Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹100,000.00 to ₹120,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"Chief Accountant Jobs In Posted On 1st June 2019Company Name: Designation: Chief Accountant Education : B.Com,M.Com Location: Tamil Nadu Experience: 5 - 7 years Salary: Rs.12000 - Rs.15000 (per annum) JOB PROFILE: Involved in working within a financial accounting and responsible for preparing, examining, and analyzing accounting records, financial statements, and other financial reports. Duties; Reporting to Managin director regarding the company's finances. ... Preparing monthly reconciliations of balance sheet accounts. prepare financial statements and accounts, budgeting, managing ledgers, processing invoices and preparing VAT returns.Walkin Date : 2019-06-10 00:00:00 Walkin Address : No: 6,myna theppakulam,4th streetkamarajar salai,keelavaasal,madurai-625009.-Company Address : No: 6,myna theppakulam,4th streetkamarajar salai,keelavaasal,madurai-625009. Last Date: 2019-06-10 00:00:00"	0
"Person should Know the basic Computer Knowledge, Excel, World, etc Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Language: English & Hindi (Preferred)"	0
"Need to handle tally and all account related work Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Tally: 1 year (Preferred) bookkeeping: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) A/R Analysis: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"""It is challenging assignment offering bright prospects for growth & advancement for dynamic, energetic & result-oriented candidates who should have experience in Tally 7.2 and M.S.Office with complete knowledge of all Accounting, Stocks and commercial transactions along with Sales Tax, Income Tax and service tax returns for firms and individuals."" View Complete Details"	0
"Accountant responsibilities include: Tracking payments to internal and external stakeholders Preparing budget forecasts Processing tax payments and returns Job brief We are looking for an Accountant to manage all financial transactions, from fixed payments and variable expenses to bank deposits and budgets. Accountant responsibilities include auditing financial documents and procedures, reconciling bank statements and calculating tax payments and returns. To be successful in this role, you should have previous experience with bookkeeping and a flair for spotting numerical mistakes. Ultimately, you will provide us with accurate quantitative information on financial position, liquidity and cash flows of our business, while ensuring we’re compliant with all tax regulations. Responsibilities Manage all accounting transactions Prepare budget forecasts Publish financial statements in time Handle monthly, quarterly and annual closings Reconcile accounts payable and receivable Ensure timely bank payments Compute taxes and prepare tax returns Manage balance sheets and profit/loss statements Report on the company’s financial health and liquidity Audit financial transactions and documents Reinforce financial data confidentiality and conduct database backups when necessary Comply with financial policies and regulations Requirements Work experience as an Accountant Excellent knowledge of accounting regulations and procedures, including the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) Experience with general ledger functions Strong attention to detail and good analytical skills Work Experience: 3 to 5 years. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Accounting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	0
"SkillSet: business process, process, br, accounting, financial accounting. Responsible for financial accounting and reporting that has a material impact on key components of the client s financial statements. May be required to prepare a wide range of financial reporting applicable to scope of the assigned responsibilities. ,"	0
"Job Summary Candidate should have a minimum working experience of 2 to 5 years. This is the field job where agencies, clients & brands have to be contacted. Requires travel outside the city of posting job in Delhi, Mumbai & Bengaluru. Candidate should have a Laptop for convenience. Good communication skills in English & Hindi are must. Since this job requires presentation of innovation, the applicant should be creative enough to think out of the box and present to the client a good working solution for their brands. The job involves selling advertisements for prints, web, online spaces, sell sponsorship for events by the magazines. Selling ad space for Woman's Era, Alive and Suman Saurabh magazines. Total readership is 20 lakhs plus per month. Selling webspace for www.Womansera.com and associated websites with a total traffic of 70 lakh (7 million) page views per month. Responsibilities and Duties To get 1 for magazines, websites and apps. Qualifications and Skills Good communications skills in English and Hindi. Pleasing personality. Capability to sell. Graduation and or above. Track record is important. Understanding of the 1 industry is a must. Benefits Health insurance is included in the package. Salary: ₹55,000.00 to ₹80,000.00 per month with annual review Incentive every quarter on completion of the target. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹55,000.00 to ₹85,000.00 /month Experience: work in the field of 1: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: New Delhi, Delhi (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred) Hindi (Preferred)"	1
"Senior Software Engineer - Application **This position is based in Hyderabad, India Ready to join the Spiceworks Advertisement Platform product group? Read on! Who you are: Got equal parts passion for developing scalable services and delivering the value of big data? Would you jump at the chance to define and create solutions empowering an entire digital 1 platform and its customers? Spiceworks just might have your dream job. Eager to jump into a pivotal role that's essential in enabling data-informed decisions? It's time to apply! Who we are: For over 10 years, Spiceworks has been helping the world's businesses find, adopt, and manage the latest technologies. We've also been helping IT brands build, market, and sell better products and services. Millions of IT buyers and hundreds of brands later, we've built the platform they use to get their jobs done and make them better at what they do, every day. With our helpful tools, technical content, a global community of experts, and entertaining ways to blow off steam, we've got IT covered. And because we understand IT buyers and the businesses they represent, established brands like Microsoft, Dell, and CDW (to name a few) and the latest industry innovators including KnowBe4 and Scale Computing use our insights and technology platform to run smarter, more personalized campaigns. In short, we're making IT easy — and dare we say FUN — for everyone. Best part: we're just getting started! Responsibilities Your day-to-day: Design, develop, and maintain web applications, including high-availability, low-latency systems Help make build vs. buy vs. maintain decisions considering business and technology needs Lead design and implementation of ETL processes Guide team in maintaining high standards of code quality and testing practices Mentor other engineers Lead Agile Scrum team to execute company outcomes in the capacity of Scrum Master Qualifications What does it take to do this job? 7+ years of experience building well-tested, scalable, distributed, high-volume, low-latency systems Proficient understanding of the software development lifecycle: architecture and development, thorough testing, deployment, and monitoring of applications Proficiency in building web applications (REST APIs, MVC, JavaScript frameworks, HTML, CSS, etc.) Expert understanding in at least one of these languages: Go, Ruby, Python, Scala Expert understanding of SQL and relational databases (Postgres, AWS Redshift, Athena) Proficient in object-oriented or functional programming, data structures, and algorithm design Extensive experience designing and delivering solutions in a cloud ecosystem (AWS preferred) Experience with real-time event streaming technologies like Kafka, Kinesis, and/or Firehose Strong ability to understand business stakeholder needs and translate them into technical designs Experience working within data processing regulations (GDPR) Excellent organizational and communication skills and feels comfortable in a fast-paced environment Bachelor's or master's in engineering, computer science, or related field preferred A bit of legalese... Spiceworks is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances."	1
"URGENT Requirement. Preference will be given for the one who has sound experience in both Marketing (Major) and HR (Minor) Field. Drop your latest detailed CV at company Email ID: ghaprc[at]gmail[dot]com Responsibilities : Plan of work for Clinic/Hospital Establishment Coordinating with doctors, Hospitals, clinics, Medical Stores, Pathology Labs, Radiology Centers etc for business development Coordinating with Government office Daily progress report generation and representation to the higher authority Presentation of data 1 Skills using different media- Flyers, Pamphlets, Television, Newspaper, Digital, Online etc.. Managing meetings Marketing research and survey, Identify new business opportunities Carries out other duties when requested. Maintains a professional appearance and acts as role models to the staff Requirements and skills : 2 to 10 years of experiences in Marketing (Major) and HR (Minor) after MBA / M.Com. 10 to 15 years of experiences in Marketing after any bachelor degree Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month"	1
"Job Role: _The role of SEO Analyst is to maximize the volume of inbound organic traffic from search engines to a website. He/ She will be responsible for implementing SEO and social media strategies for Free Press Journal. The SEO Analyst can quickly understand and support the online team with ideas for relevant content. He/ She should be familiar with SEO strategies involving - a combination of on-page and off-page techniques, including link-building, social media strategy, viral marketing, metadata sculpting, site speed optimization, content strategy, information architecture, and more. Job Description Produce detailed reports on the SEO performance Perform ongoing keyword discovery, expansion and optimization Research and implement search engine optimization recommendations Research and analyze competitor 1 links Develop and implement link building strategy Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on newly developed code Recommend changes to website architecture, content, linking and other factors to improve SEO positions for target keywords. Establish the right site structure, internal linking strategy, navigation and content presentation to drive optimal SEO performance across each of our brands and domains. Work closely with the content and marketing teams to deliver content and social campaigns that fulfil your SEO strategy. Have a daily obsession with SEO performance across sites and constantly seek to react to changes in search behaviours and keyword trends. Take care company's social media channels (Face book, Twitter) in terms of daily postings, responding queries. Make sure that social channels are active and responsive._ Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	1
"Hiring extraordinary talents with capabilities like no other. We test our boundaries with creative ideas and strategies like no other. Sealine Productions is looking for Concept Developer on freelance/fulltime basis. Responsibilities - Develop Concepts, Write, Edit and Produce persuasive, compelling and timely on-target communications for a variety of TVC,Branded Content and Digital Media Ads. Builds and maintains solid relationships with key resource experts at all levels of the company Proactively collaborates and consults with internal and external customers to understand their needs and challenges in order to creatively meet audience needs. Please share your updated work links along with your resume. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Contract, Commission Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Copywriting: 1 year (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required)"	1
"Copywriter - 2 - 4 years experience in an agency in Hyderabad or any other city for that matter. We are looking for a creative copywriter and therefore the candidate should be well-read and aware of latest trends and should be able to connect dispaate dots to come up creatiive copy. Salary - Rs 30,000 to rs 35,000 Account Manager - 2-4 years in an agency in Hyderabad or any city for that matter. We are looking for a dynamic personality that enthuse the agency and clients team equally. Should be well versed with operational aspects of Account Management. Knowledge of media, production and digital would be important. Salary Rs 30,000 to Rs 35,000 Sr Art Director - 5 - 8 yeras experience in art direction in an agency in Hyderabad or any city for that matter. We are looking for a person with varied and modern aesthetic who thinks on his feet. Should be sound in conceptual thinking and should be able to lead medium to large campaigns on his own. Salary Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000. Interested candidates are requested to mail updated CV with below details directly on siddharth.bigone@gmail. com (We will contact you if your profile matched with our requirement) Total Experience - Industry worked for - Applying Post - Relevant Experience - Currently Working or not - Current/Last CTC - Expected CTC - Notice Period - Current Location - Ready to relocate - Preferred Location - Call 8851163841 Whatsapp 7859860869 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹750,000.00 /year"	1
"Responsibilities: Scheduling meetings and appointments. Serve as the point person for office manager duties including: Maintenance, Mailing, Supplies, Equipment, Bills, reports etc. Organize the office layout and order stationery and equipment. Maintain the office condition and arrange necessary repairs. Organize office operations and procedures. Ensure that all items are invoiced and paid on time. Manage contract and price negotiations with office occupants, vendors, service providers and office lease. Manage office budget, ensure accurate and timely reporting. Provide general support to visitors. Close sales deals. Address Members queries regarding office management issues (e.g. stationery, Hardware and travel arrangements). Liaise with facility management vendors, including cleaning, catering and security services. Plan in-house or off-site activities, like parties, celebrations and conferences. Contributing in the implementation of marketing strategies. Organize and attend marketing activities or events to raise brand awareness. Plan 1 and promotional campaigns for products or services on a variety of media (social, print etc.). Prepare content, Text as well as Graphic, for the publication of marketing material and digital distribution."	1
"OFFICIAL COMPANY APPLICATION LINK: Copy paste this link in your browser to apply- http://bit.ly/30JWIWo Job Title: Sr. Executive - Client Servicing Location: Mumbai, India Experience: 3-4 years Salary: Competitive Industry: 1, Digital and Creative Employment Type: Full-time OFFICIAL COMPANY APPLICATION LINK: Copy paste this link in your browser and apply- http://bit.ly/30JWIWo About pi Communications: ""pi"" in mathematics is a constant. We are steadfast and constant in our commitment to provide profitable interactions. Between our clients’ brands and their stakeholders – employees, customers and prospects. Between us and our clients. These profitable interactions are based on deeply insightful and exciting creative work. Work that has resulted in over close to 50 awards both national and international since 2012. We are the proud winners of the: Small Agency of the Year DM Asia Echo Awards in 2016 and 2017 Direct Specialist Agency of the Year Goafest ABBY Awards in 2018 While we are a Direct and Digital agency, our work is media agnostic and through the line, an approach that helps us solve our Clients’ business problems and provides variety to our lives. About the role: We are urgently looking for a Client Servicing candidate with 3 to 4 years of experience to join our team. This role requires you to be a key interface with our clients and actively support them in their 1 and marketing initiatives. The role will require you to: Support our clients in their 1 and marketing operations on a daily basis (existing as well as new accounts). Define and initiate 1 projects, starting with understanding requirements and planning timelines. Articulate our clients needs into clear ""creative briefs"" for the content, creative & technical teams. Discuss possible solutions with content, creative & technical teams during the execution phase and ensure timely deliverables. Work closely with clients to plan and implement all marketing campaigns including digital campaigns. Work with vendors and tie ups to fulfill requirements that arise on the brands we support. Track, analyze and summarize campaign results and progress. Manage resource allocation, billing and invoicing for the clients and projects you support. Be a strategic thought leader in the direct marketing and digital agency space. Track and share innovations happening in this space with the internal team and our clients. Ultimately manage cost, schedule, and performance of projects, while working to ensure the ultimate success and acceptance of the Strategy for the brand. What we're looking for: An articulate individual with excellent communication and interpersonal skills Experience in 1 agency will be preferred. Experience in servicing a client in the Financial Services space will be beneficial. Job Type: Full-time"	1
"Mumbai, India Creative Marketing Production It's an amazing time to join Netflix as we continue shaping the future of global entertainment. We are bringing new stories to millions of people worldwide by promoting our original, exclusive content. Marketing Operations at Netflix brings creative concepts and strategy to life at global scale through technical innovation. We’re breaking new ground in Asia, and we want like-minded individuals who want to be apart of this revolutionary journey. We are looking for a very seasoned and dynamic Creative and Production individual to drive marketing creative innovation, concepting, production and delivery of best-in-class campaigns across India. In this role, you will be responsible for working with the wider Creative and Production team to drive end-to-end creative and production processes of our marketing campaign initiatives, with a predominant digital, video and social focus. This means you thrive in a fast-paced environment that requires you to bridge BOTH creative and technical needs, and are an effective communicator. The Role Based in Mumbai India and reporting to the Creative Marketing Production Manager APAC, you will join the India team to lead and manage the concepting, creative production and delivery of short-form marketing materials for both online and offline campaigns supporting the India Creative and Production Leads. Responsibilities include: Contribute to your marketing team, by driving creative, digital and socially-driven marketing innovation. Manage and own local creative and production agency relationships to maintain industry leading executions that help further our brand and connect new fans to Netflix Original and licensed titles. Lead, brief, plan and manage internal and external local integrated & short-form production communications and workflows, ensuring effective exchange of campaign information and assets delivery, whilst always managing expectations. Be a regional creative and production expert, driving workflow practices about best-in-market activations, in-market technical capabilities and cultural nuances back with global and international teams. Manage localisation, production process and creative approvals of 1 materials (including clearances, delivery, trafficking, etc.). Define, negotiate, communicate, implement and monitor technical quality standards and creative integrity on all project deliverables according to Netflix creative guidelines. Integrate closely with internal and external trafficking teams to ensure that all tracking is implemented correctly, efficiently, deadlines are met, and executions are flawless. Work closely with the global teams, supporting local implementation and customisation of global campaigns, leveraging global materials to deploy local marketing experiences and creative extensions. Work closely with the other regional teams, supporting local implementation of other regional campaigns, leveraging regional materials to deploy local marketing experiences and creative extensions. Qualifications: At least 8 years of experience, preferably at an entertainment brand, 1 or creative content agency with an emphasis on integrated production including online and offline video, high impact display takeovers, rich media, D/OOH, and paid social campaigns. Expert knowledge of marketing campaign and localisation workflows, including understanding the creative and production process for both Video, Digital Display and Print materials. Ability to translate creative ideas through to technical and native executions, for various ad serving platforms and proprietary publisher platforms. High competency and proven track record of building high performance digital marketing experiences across display, social, mobile and online video channels. Ability to manage a high volume of creative and campaign types in parallel, with diverse geographically dispersed teams, across Asia Pacific. Global experience is a bonus. Knowledgeable of and familiar with leading creative and production agencies in Asia Pacific. Expert knowledge of the trends and limitations of the evolving Asia Pacific digital marketing ecosystem, including exposure to/experience with programmatic buying and paid social platforms. Expert knowledge in social platforms, digital display banner and YTMH production is essential. Personality Attributes: See Who We Are and what our Culture is like. You are passionate and curious about all aspects of digital marketing and paid social creative. You thrive in a fast-paced and demanding environment, possess a high level of intellectual curiosity, and demonstrate strong judgment and leadership in the face of ambiguity. You are always-solving and forever curious. You are an agile, goal-oriented personality, driven to succeed and always up for a challenge! APPLY NOW Share this listing: LINK COPIED"	1
"We are looking for 1 Operations Interns where they will be playing a vital, detail-oriented role. The duration of the internship is going to be 6 months. Responsibilities: High quality and timely request resolutions. Looking for smart opportunities to automate and bring scale. Pulling campaign data reports, and reviewing the status of the campaign, etc. Will be working closely with the technical product team. Seamless communication with multiple teams. Requirements: Bachelor's/Master's Degree. (Technical background is an add on). Proficient in Microsoft Office especially Excel and good with numbers. Basic understanding of the e-commerce industry. A driven individual who is looking for an opportunity in data-driven SAAS product. Good communication skills. Motivated self-starter. Multi-tasker. A can-do attitude with a desire to learn."	1
"**Job Description Looking for a Business Development Head. Should have an experience of working with an 1/marketing/Creative agency. Should have good network in the market. Responsibilities and Duties 1. Convert business opportunities into clients. 2. Develop pitch presentations along with the team. 3. Negotiate terms with potential clients 4. Develop a relationship with media, consultants, and clients. Qualifications and Skills 1. Should be from Media or Creative Agency background. 2. Should have good contacts and Experinced of 5+ Years. 3. Good presentation skills. 4. Exposure to traditional and digital marketing. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹35,000.00 to ₹55,000.00 /month Experience: business development: 5 years (Preferred) Marketing Head: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	1
"Your profile in our organization will be to work in the aspect of Management. We use a common Training Method Module in order to provide the necessary training to each individual in the prospect of Marketing, HRD (Human Resource Development), Administration & Finance. *Designing dynamic and innovative marketing strategies for 169 blue chip companies. *Using a combination of BTL and ATL activities to enhance the market capitalization of these organizations. *Involves leading a team of 30 candidates working in various functions of management. *Interacting with new prospective blue chip companies and closing deals. Note ( Selected candidates will be trained on a accredited global training module over a tenure of 8-12 months into various functions of management to give them an overall understanding of running a strategic business unit. While on training candidates will be paid in the tune of 20000 to 45000 depending on various parameters) Interested Candidates are welcome to call and confirm their appointment with Ms. ANUSHKA on 9867039890 Job Type: Fresher Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred)"	1
"The position calls for a person with passion for helping students succeed professionally and strong networking skills to coordinate with potential employers. In addition to a bachelors degree and around three years of experience in recruiting or career development, the person should have the industry connect. Expectations from the Placement Officer: Established contact with officials of Human Resources recruitment from different companies Identify new employers to introduce the academic offerings of our students graduate. Maintain direct communication with employers by performing weekly visits. Help students create their resumes and cover letters, find internship sites or opportunities Submit weekly reports in order to track the Placement progress. Maintaining and constantly upgrading the data base of HR personnel Salary: INR 3,00,000 - 7,00,000 P.A. Industry: Education, Teaching, Training Functional Area: Marketing , 1 , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category: Marketing Role: Assistant / Associate Marketing Manager Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	1
"Scheduling meetings and appointments, Serve as the point person for office manager duties including: Maintenance, Mailing, Supplies, Equipment, Bills, reports etc. Organize the office layout and order stationery and equipment Maintain the office condition and arrange necessary repairs Organize office operations and procedures Ensure that all items are invoiced and paid on time Manage contract and price negotiations with office occupants, vendors, service providers and office lease Manage office budget, ensure accurate and timely reporting Provide general support to visitors. Close sales deals. Address Members queries regarding office management issues (e.g. stationery, Hardware and travel arrangements) Liaise with facility management vendors, including cleaning, catering and security services Plan in-house or off-site activities, like parties, celebrations and conferences Contributing in the implementation of marketing strategies Organize and attend marketing activities or events to raise brand awareness Plan 1 and promotional campaigns for products or services on a variety of media (social, print etc.) Prepare content, Text as well as Graphic, for the publication of marketing material and digital distribution Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required)"	1
"Storage Technologies and Automation Pvt Ltd (Racks and Rollers) is the brainchild of pioneers in the Storage and Warehousing industry, who have worked extensively on some of the most demanding projects over the last 3 decades. Responsibilities: 1. Develop new business and long term account opportunities through prospecting & cold calling 2. Develop Sales presentations; participate in meetings with clients and external vendors. 3. Responsible for marketing and providing complete range of product solutions. 4. Should have technical knowledge of marketing products. 5. Strategy of marketing various products, 1 campaign, participation in technical forums, exhibitions etc. 6. Responsible for making good relations with the customers. 7. Understand technicalities of products required by customer ; recommend them suitable equivalent product / solution 8. Development of marketing & sales team. 9. Strategy of marketing various products, 1 campaign, participation in technical forums, exhibitions etc. Important Skills- Proficient in English, good communication skills and can correspond independently Proficient in English, good communication skills and can correspond independently Skills Required: Expert in Technical Sales/Corporate Sales Client Acquisition Business Development Lead Generation Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹800,000.00 to ₹900,000.00 /year Experience: work: 6 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred)"	1
"Job Description: Responsible for revenue generation through selling advertisement space on B2B websites and magazines to overseas companies. The candidates will be communicating and convincing the marketing heads and c-level executives situated abroad through e-mails, calls, etc. to post their advertisements and utilize our marketing services. Other Responsibilities: Plan and organize a result-oriented sales strategy for the assigned magazines or website. Make telephone calls to conduct business in SEA and Europe and any other region, if required. Drive full sales cycle, from prospecting for new business to closing the deal. Identify client needs, problems and review their business requirements in order to sell tailored solutions. Build sales pipeline in accordance with the defined sales targets. Provide revenue forecasts to Sales Manager on a timely basis. Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with current and prospective customers. Ability to hunt for customer interests, competitive activities, and demand for new products and services. Keep up-to-date with product applications, technical services, market conditions, 1 and promotional trends. Identify collaboration opportunities, form and manage industry partnerships. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	1
"Are you looking to put your technical and business acumen to work at a fast-growing company? Willing to roll up your sleeves, jump in, and create results working alongside a seasoned, dedicated group of entrepreneurs? Roambee Corporation is revolutionizing the way shipments and assets get monitored around the world in real time. By providing an easy, trusted, on-demand service, we create new opportunities for people to unlock efficiencies, gain more security, achieve improved levels of collaboration, and receive actionable information for supply chain monitoring. With 200+ customers in over 15 countries, and offices in the United States, India, Germany, Mexico, Brazil, Dubai, Singapore, and South Africa, we work with our customers to ensure they have a new degree of control of their shipments than ever thought possible. Roambee has also entered into a strategic partnership with Deutsche Telekom. Overview We are looking for a B2B content marketing writer/copywriter/editor who can translate complex IoT subjects into effective marketing and brand communication assets around business value. Responsibilities As a writer, you will: - Do background research and gather materials from various internal and external sources. Internal sources would include interviews with key personnel, current documents, external research resources, and technical or process data. External resources would include interviews with clients, other supply chain professionals, other news publications, and more. - Fulfilling a writing agenda primarily guided by key global marketing initiatives - Independently creating content, either as sole author or co-authoring with subject matter expert. - Write a wide variety of document types including articles, blogs, whitepapers, email teasers, as well as brand communication items like client presentations and brochures for different kinds of client consumption, tailoring the content to the relevant audience. As an editor, you will: - Prepare, rewrite and edit assigned documents or other deliverables every day to improve readability and ensure consistency. - Read documents closely to detect and correct errors in spelling, punctuation, grammar syntax and style. - Discuss and resolve any issues with author(s). - Verify facts, dates and statistics, using standard reference sources. - Edit with the reader or audience in mind. - Work cross-functionally with all other teams/departments, including external agencies, to improve the overall workflow process, procedures and systems. - Take part in departmental projects related to content development, distribution, and marketing automation. - Maintain an awareness of new terms or phrases coming into popular usage in our business and subject area. Requirements 4-6 years editorial and/or writing experience for b2b business, 1 agency, industry-centric magazines or professional journals. - Bachelor’s degree. Master’s degree is preferred - Experience writing on technology subjects - Journalism experience is a PLUS - Brand communications experience is a PLUS - Experience in IoT, cloud, enterprise, or supply chain technology a PLUS. - Knack for learning, understanding, and then reiterating new concepts. - A demonstrated ability to immerse, learn, and quick ramp up on new subject matters. - Excellent English (US, UK & Indian) language skills in editing and writing. - Numerate and visually literate. - Tact, firmness and sound intuition when dealing with team members and external subject matter experts. - Proven ability to manage projects and juggle a diverse workload. - Well versed in Microsoft Office applications (primarily Word, PowerPoint and Excel). - Knowledge and understanding of the ‘Inbound Marketing’ concept is a plus Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹55,000.00 to ₹75,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Job Summary We are looking for dynamic, young individuals with a flair for writing and a keen interest in 1. Do you love selling a variety of products and services through the magic of your words? Can you write catchy headlines, effective copy for selling clothes, cars, jewellery and gadgets? Do you love navigating the world wide web through meta tags and alt tags? Do you see yourself as enjoying content writing? Join our creative team and get an opportunity to work on challenging projects. Work in close collaboration with web designers and web developers for mobile apps, websites, social portals and more. Responsibilities and Duties Create and manage strong written content for websites, newsletters, social media and other content types Edit marketing pieces, including web content, email campaigns, and more Update and monitor social media channels Develop and maintain a content creation calendar Develop content in support of the company brand and differentiating value propositions Utilize market data to develop content themes/topics and execute development plans Establish work flow for requesting, creating, editing, and publishing content Work closely with marketing team/designers Understand the target audience and capture the interests and vision of the sponsor Propose new content ideas and contributes to the development of the team Proactive involvement in social media-driven content marketing Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Experience: 0 to 5 years Should be able to show previously written content Bachelor's degree with an emphasis in English, Journalism, or Communications related field Relevant experience in content creation and copywriting is preferred Experience working in a marketing/design environment is preferred Strong communication and presentation skills Should demonstrate strong social media presence and understanding Benefits Will be discussed in person, with the candidate. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Hyderabad, Telangana (Required) Language: English (Required)"	1
"Job Summary Hyderabad is one of the largest 1 spend market in India. It also has a growing startup ecosystem. However, the current penetration of Media Ant among advertisers in Hyderabad is low. We are looking for someone who can grow Media Ant business in this market. Responsibilities and Duties Responsibility Creating New client base in Hyderabad Business growth from existing clients Duties Acquire new clients Build Media Ant brand in Hyderabad market Get deeper market understanding of Hyderabad Maintain relationship with the buyers Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Candidates with 3-6 years of business development experience in B2B industry are ideal. Candidates with Business Development role in Media will be preferred. Skills required Ability to identify opportunities Quick learner Entrepreneurial Can work with ambiguities Go Getter Persistent Reliable and can work independently with minimum supervision Benefits Sales Incentive ESOPs (if applicable) Health Insurance Lunch Service Training Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹400,000.00 to ₹800,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	1
"Scope of Work - Client & Site visits Study Project Viability To prepare and deliver presentation to Clients Execute projects in coordination with all departments To prepare Marketing & Sales plan Coordinate with Design team over drawings & technical Designs To Coordinate with Clients for Work scope, schedule, Inspection & other critical technical & contractual points To prepare Proposals & Bids To Coordinate with Client & Internal department for execution support Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor Degree (BE/B Tech) in Mechanical Engineering. Total experience of 8-10 yrs & at least 1-2 years experience in Hydro Industry/Hydro Power Good Electrical/Mechanical Engineering background is fundamental. Must be able to understand and read all drawings Technically aware about the Site safety and installation procedures in the existing jobs Innovative & Problem solving Mobility & Ready to travel Decision making in consultation Ability to deal with Government bodies. Good at written & spoken communications Planning deliverables & on-time reporting Desired Characteristics: General Knowledge of Hydro Power Business; General Knowledge of other Hydro products as Generator, Gearbox, Hydromechanical equipment Salary: INR 5,00,000 - 7,50,000 P.A. Industry: Industrial Products / Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Marketing, 1, MR, PR, Media Planning Role Category: Marketing Role: Product Executive Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Keyskills: marketingsite visitproject viabilitypresentation skillsexecute projectsmaketing plans and budgetsales planningpraposals & bidspraposals & contractsdeal government bodiespower househydro power Desired Candidate Profile Scope of Work - Client & Site visits Study Project Viability To prepare and deliver presentation to Clients Execute projects in coordination with all departments To prepare Marketing & Sales plan Coordinate with Design team over drawings & technical Designs To Coordinate with Clients for Work scope, schedule, Inspection & other critical technical & contractual points To prepare Proposals & Bids To Coordinate with Client & Internal department for execution support Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor Degree (BE/B Tech) in Mechanical Engineering. Total experience of 8-10 yrs & at least 1-2 years experience in Hydro Industry/Hydro Power Good Electrical/Mechanical Engineering background is fundamental. Must be able to understand and read all drawings Technically aware about the Site safety and installation procedures in the existing jobs Innovative & Problem solving Mobility & Ready to travel Decision making in consultation Ability to deal with Government bodies. Good at written & spoken communications Planning deliverables & on-time reporting Desired Characteristics: General Knowledge of Hydro Power Business; General Knowledge of other Hydro products as Generator, Gearbox, Hydromechanical equipment Education:UG -B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical PG - MBA/PGDM - Marketing Doctorate - Doctorate Not Required"	1
"*Responsible for consumer research findings to aid business decisions and channel growth. *Manage and execute Qualitative research projects from start to end *Utilizing BARC data to evaluate and identify gaps and opportunities to optimise gains Salary: INR 3,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A. Industry: Media, Entertainment, Internet Functional Area: Marketing , 1 , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category: 1 Role: Media Planning Executive/Manager Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG: Post Graduation Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	1
"We are an agency of experts with the ideas & imagination which delivers brands to its dream customers, specializing in creative 1 campaigns and products. Using our creativity and ideological potential, we offer our clients 1 solutions that are not only beautiful visually but also increase sales. Creative Director Responsibilities: Conceiving and implementing concepts, guidelines and strategies in various creative projects and overseeing them to completion Collaborating with account executives to obtain knowledge of the clients’ requirements Directing and motivating teams of art directors, illustrators, copywriters etc. to help them use their talents effectively Job brief: We are looking for an experienced Creative Director to provide our creative team with guidance and ideas to launch new impressive projects. You will devise the concepts and strategies for a particular venture and will monitor its progress. You will be able to implement your creative vision and become the point of reference for any creative plan that wants to make its way to the customers. The goal is to achieve the best possible outcome of our projects both visually and essentially to meet customer expectations and drive our sustainable growth. Responsibilities: Conceive and implement concepts, guidelines and strategies in various creative projects and oversee them to completion Collaborate with account executives to obtain knowledge of the clients’ requirements Direct and motivate teams of art directors, illustrators, copywriters etc. to help them use their talents effectively Lead brainstorming/creative sessions to generate ideas Write and design unique and well-crafted copy that meet clients’ needs as well as our own Revise content and presentations, approve/reject ideas, provide feedback to the team Train and guide subordinates into accomplished professionals Monitor results of team efforts and propose actions for the future Requirements: Proven experience as a creative director or in a similar creative role Hand-on experience in the creative process, marketing, graphic design and brand development Excellent working knowledge of software such as Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign etc. Outstanding leadership and organization skills Exemplary interpersonal and analytical abilities BSc/BA in 1, fine art, design or relevant field; MSc/MA will be considered an asset Salary: To be discussed during the interview Job Types: Part-time, Commission Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Wiley is a provider of content-enabled solutions that improve outcomes in research, education, and professional practice. Our core businesses produce scientific, technical, medical, and scholarly journals, reference works, books, database services, and 1; professional books, subscription products, certification and training services and online applications and education content and services including integrated online teaching and learning resources for undergraduate and graduate students and lifelong learners. The company’s headquarters are located in Hoboken, New Jersey, with operations in the U.S., Europe, Asia, Australia, and Canada. Journals Publishing Assistant Noida We are recruiting in Noida for an enthusiastic candidate looking for a role working in publishing. The successful candidate will provide administrative support to three commissioning editors in the India special issues team. As a strong administrator you will act as a liaison point with journal guest editors and Wiley staff dealing with queries independently on a broad range of matters and passing on others to appropriate departmental managers, following up to make sure they are dealt with. You will Be responsible for collating information needed for centralised projects within the team. Be in charge or multiple spreadsheets tracking performance of ongoing projects. Organising one-off and recurring team meetings - preparing agendas, and printing papers where necessary. Maintain and update data in central information systems including data-cleaning if required and take overall responsibility for the integrity of editorial data in the Wiley systems for those journals and booked with which you work. Work closely with the Central Editorial Admin team to coordinate responses to change management and tracking projects as required. This is a great opportunity to come and join our team in Noida. We need a candidate with organization skills, attention to detail and a willingness to learn about what it is that we do! Although we appreciate your interest only those candidates with whom we are interested in interviewing will be contacted."	1
"Primary Responsibilities : - Drive and own the business or vertical P&L with a PAN-India footprint; - Conduct P&L target setting, planning and execution. Undertake process reengineering and development of strategies to optimize cost and increase efficiency - Define and monitor KRAs and KPIs for the operations team; ensure it is in line with the business objectives - Ensure best in-class service metrics - problem identification, initiative ideation and execution to ensure the same - Identify opportunities for business expansion in new markets and execute launches across the same - Lead business planning and strategy creation efforts for the business / vertical line - Partner and collaborate with central strategy and business development leaders to drive innovation and diversification agendas - Collaborate with design, Strategy and execution teams to ensure service roadmap is in-line with business priorities - Continuously monitor and evaluate goals and identify opportunities for improvement To fit the bill : - You must have 7+ years of relevant experience in core operations, operations strategy or business management in Event / 1 Company. - Excellent consultative, interpersonal, communication and presentation skills. Note: - Mention the Job Code - RCL/BH2019005 with cover letter. Your application will not be accepted without job cover letter. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Event Management and BTL Business: 5 years (Required) Business Development: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred) Language: English (Required) Required Documents: Address Proof (Required) Aadhar Card (Required) Passport (Required) Police Verification (Required) Driver's License (Required)"	1
"About SportzConsult (http://www.sportzconsult.in): Our purpose is to create great sports experiences. We today form India's premier sports management company based out of Mumbai. We are funded by Gaja Capital and backed by a passionate team with experience in sports, media, consulting, marketing, 1 & PR. We strive for excellence across all our business verticals. We bring in the best expertise and the most spread out industry network. About the Internship: Selected intern's day-to-day responsibilities include: 1. Handling on-ground execution and verification of players 2. Managing the team 3. Calling Institute and coaches for the institute and player registration 4. Visiting Institute for registration. Who can apply: Only those candidates can apply who: are available for full time (in-office) work can start the internship till 2nd May'19 a are available for a duration of 5 months have relevant skills and interests Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Internship, Contract, Fresher Salary: ₹7,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"RESPONSIBILITIES High quality and timely request resolutions Looking for smart opportunities to automate and bring scale Pulling campaign data reports, and reviewing the status of the campaign, etc. Will be working closely with the technical product team. Seamless communication with multiple teams. SKILLS REQUIRED- Bachelor's/Master’s Degree. (Technical background is an add on) Proficient in Microsoft Office especially Excel and good with numbers Basic understanding of the e-commerce industry A driven individual who is looking for an opportunity in data-driven SAAS product Good communication skills. Motivated self-starter. Multi-tasker. A can-do attitude with a desire to learn. Job Type: Internship Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	1
"need a 1 team of 10 candidates candidates should be 12th pass out immediate joining on the same day Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹7,000.00 to ₹8,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"CONTEXT Leading a team of frontline sales resources and selling commercial time, sponsorship opportunities, impact, integrated packages for designated Star network channel to agencies and premium clients in the West market. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Achievement of assigned targets of revenue and FCT sales within the specified time frame Incremental Revenues over previous Year New Business Development Develop strong market relationships with retail and SME clients in the segment Managing and motivating a frontline sales team PERFORMANCE MEASURES Achievement of the assigned target Accurate information regarding 1 spends on own channels vs. competition, future expansion/ business plans Developing preferred channel partnerships with market. Team Performance & Achievement of targets of the team QUALIFICATION Minimum Qualification: MBA/ PG Should have minimum 10-12 years of relevant sales experience KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS Strong direct sales skills, ability to develop new clients and handle BD Presentation and strong communication skills Strong numerical ability skills related to sales targets and revenue calculations PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES (Leadership requirement to be mentioned if applicable) Ability to meet deadlines Assertive and go getter attitude Strong team player Logical and ability to make sound reasoning based conclusions"	1
"About Enkon Pvt Ltd : Working with Enkonis Putting the customer first. We put the needs and requirements of a customer ahead of anything and everything else. Working with local, national and multi-national clients including PSU and large conglomerates offers our employees a diverse horizons. Having various media options like traditional Out Of Home to digital media including working with innovative technology, concepts and ideas gives us anopportunity to increase our experience and expertise. Job Responsibilities: Media Sales by Generating business by direct sales and through corporate agencies Qualifications: Graduate Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹250,000.00 to ₹300,000.00 /year Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Job Role: _The role of SEO Analyst is to maximize the volume of inbound organic traffic from search engines to a website. He/ She will be responsible for implementing SEO and social media strategies for Free Press Journal. The SEO Analyst can quickly understand and support the online team with ideas for relevant content. He/ She should be familiar with SEO strategies involving - a combination of on-page and off-page techniques, including link-building, social media strategy, viral marketing, metadata sculpting, site speed optimization, content strategy, information architecture, and more. Job Description Produce detailed reports on the SEO performance Perform ongoing keyword discovery, expansion and optimization Research and implement search engine optimization recommendations Research and analyze competitor 1 links Develop and implement link building strategy Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on newly developed code Recommend changes to website architecture, content, linking and other factors to improve SEO positions for target keywords. Establish the right site structure, internal linking strategy, navigation and content presentation to drive optimal SEO performance across each of our brands and domains. Work closely with the content and marketing teams to deliver content and social campaigns that fulfil your SEO strategy. Have a daily obsession with SEO performance across sites and constantly seek to react to changes in search behaviours and keyword trends. Take care company's social media channels (Face book, Twitter) in terms of daily postings, responding queries. Make sure that social channels are active and responsive._ Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: on page: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	1
"Job Role: _The role of SEO Analyst is to maximize the volume of inbound organic traffic from search engines to a website. He/ She will be responsible for implementing SEO and social media strategies for Free Press Journal. The SEO Analyst can quickly understand and support the online team with ideas for relevant content. He/ She should be familiar with SEO strategies involving - a combination of on-page and off-page techniques, including link-building, social media strategy, viral marketing, metadata sculpting, site speed optimization, content strategy, information architecture, and more. Job Description Produce detailed reports on the SEO performance Perform ongoing keyword discovery, expansion and optimization Research and implement search engine optimization recommendations Research and analyze competitor 1 links Develop and implement link building strategy Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on newly developed code Recommend changes to website architecture, content, linking and other factors to improve SEO positions for target keywords. Establish the right site structure, internal linking strategy, navigation and content presentation to drive optimal SEO performance across each of our brands and domains. Work closely with the content and marketing teams to deliver content and social campaigns that fulfil your SEO strategy. Have a daily obsession with SEO performance across sites and constantly seek to react to changes in search behaviours and keyword trends. Take care company's social media channels (Face book, Twitter) in terms of daily postings, responding queries. Make sure that social channels are active and responsive._ Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	1
"Job Summary -Sales Manager is one of the key positions in the company, he / she will be responsible for managing teams & clients and ensure quality and productivity so as to meet the targets. -Motivating and engaging team members and maintaining attrition will be the key to his success as well as of the organization. -Within thresholds Provide coaching and feedback to team members to enable them to improve their performance and focus on their career advancement within the organization. -Feel free to apply for this post, If you think you have all the above mentioned qualities and could manage the below given job responsibilities: Responsible for revenue generation and team target. -Managing a team of international Ad sales executive - selling advertisement space on B2B websites and magazines to overseas companies. -Assign targets and verticals to executives based on their potential. -Take escalation calls & closures for the team members. -Train, motivate, encourage and guide executives to make sure that the team members achieve their targets. Maintains accurate records of all clients, sales, services and activity reports on daily basis. Build sales pipeline in line with sales targets defined for a B2B vertical. -Provide revenue forecasts on weekly basis to the Director and work to achieve the same on time. Plan and organize a result-oriented sales strategy for the assigned vertical/markets. Keep up-to-date with product applications, technical services, market conditions, 1 and promotional trends. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Sales: 1 year (Required) Customer Service: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: High school or equivalent (Required)"	1
"Our Company is searching for young, aspiring, motivated, ambitious & genuine MBA candidates with a specialisation in Sales, for our new venture. Job responsibilities will also include 1 and marketing to potential clients. Excellent communication skills are a must. Prior professional experience is required. Candidates with experience in Sales and Research, Marketing and HR will be given preference. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹32,000.00 /month Experience: Marketing: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	1
"The person will be given duties of 1 with different ideas on social market. Job Types: Part-time, Contract, Fresher Salary: ₹3,000.00 to ₹7,000.00 /month Experience: Social Media: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Licence: Digital Marketing (Preferred)"	1
"Description About this role At BlackRock, we are building a world class HR team. Human Resources provides a broad range of services, programs and products to BlackRock employees and business managers. Human Resources manages its operations through a combination of business alignment, cross-business services and functional specialties. Our Talent Acquisition function consists of Lateral, Campus and Executive Sourcing teams who are responsible for sourcing and hiring the best talent in the market as cost effectively and efficiently as possible. Job Purpose/Background: The Lateral Recruiter will be part of the APAC Talent Acquisition Team, which is spread across Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and India. The successful candidate will be accountable for Lateral Recruiting needs of the various business units in the region. He/she will be responsible for lateral recruitment while ensuring all recruitment processes are adhered to for the business unit aligned. He/she will also be responsible in connecting to the Global Talent Acquisition team and supporting global initiatives on an ongoing basis. This role will be based in Gurgaon Key Responsibilities: Extensive liaison with Hiring Managers, Suppliers, Candidates and HR stakeholders to ensure Blackrock sources the best candidates in a timely and cost effective way - leveraging market knowledge to offer superior advice on hiring approach and best execution. Deployment of direct sourcing techniques including leveraging employee referrals, job board 1, and searching proprietary/external databases and social media for qualified candidates. Management of recruitment agencies and/or external search partners where appropriate. Advise the Business on best in class assessment methodology including supporting the businesses with relevant market data, insights and analytics as appropriate. Help to promote “Internal First” culture by discussing internal talent options with hiring managers and being highly responsive to internal candidates. Work with Business Managers, Finance Officers, HR Business Partners and Compensation specialists to manage hiring plans, obtain appropriate hiring approvals and execute recruitment strategy. Design and deliver business specific hiring data/reports and presentations to inform and influence the business. Involvement in ad-hoc projects within Talent Acquisition and across HR. Knowledge/ Experience Required: The ideal candidate should have at least 5 yrs of experience in Talent Acquisition having handled complex recruitment searches across the APAC region. Exposure to recruitment in countries like China, Singapore, Australia, Taiwan and Korea is highly desirable. Thorough understanding of hiring in domains like Asset Management, Technology & Analytics is a must have Experience of working in a complex/matrix business structure is a pre-requisite for the role. Exposure to various search practices and techniques is highly beneficial – including the ability to approach candidates directly and provide ad-hoc mapping and market intelligence. Advanced knowledge and experience of candidate closing skills/techniques. Experience of setting and communicating strategy, and a track record of delivering results. The ability to consult with and influence senior management. Competencies: Superior influencing, stakeholder and relationship management skills. Strong written and oral communication skills. A strong team ethic is key. A strong team player. Proven ability to manage multiple priorities while delivering high results. About BlackRock BlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of March 31, 2019, the firm managed approximately $6.52 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit www.blackrock.com/us/individual | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law. BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law."	1
"Looking for experienced professional to secure advertisements, sponsor ships and alliances for the corporate educational events. Fixed plus variable salary, Good Communication skills and successful track record is essential. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Andheri, Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	1
"CONTEXT Leading a team of frontline sales resources and selling commercial time, sponsorship opportunities, impact, integrated packages for designated Star network channel (English GEC) to agencies and premium clients in the West market. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Achievement of assigned targets of revenue and FCT sales within the specified time frame Incremental Revenues over previous Year New Business Development Develop strong market relationships with retail and SME clients in the segment Managing and motivating a frontline sales team PERFORMANCE MEASURES Achievement of the assigned target Accurate information regarding 1 spends on own channels vs. competition, future expansion/ business plans Developing preferred channel partnerships with market. Team Performance & Achievement of targets of the team QUALIFICATION Minimum Qualification: MBA/ PG Should have minimum 10-12 years of relevant sales experience KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS Strong direct sales skills, ability to develop new clients and handle BD Presentation and strong communication skills Strong numerical ability skills related to sales targets and revenue calculations PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES (Leadership requirement to be mentioned if applicable) Ability to meet deadlines Assertive and go getter attitude Strong team player Logical and ability to make sound reasoning based conclusions"	1
"We have the perfect internship for you! RJ Infra and Interiors Pvt Ltd is hiring for Communication_ Interns _join our team. Individuals who are keen on 1, Coordination, Research, Communications, Editing and Marketing may apply at RJ Infra & Interio Pvt. Ltd. You must be innovative, overflowing with new thoughts, persevering, who values work and delivers amazing results, we’d love to talk to you. To know more about us, we have over 30 years of experience in International and National designs across London, Bangkok, Dubai, Hong Kong, Bangalore, Delhi, Hyderabad, Jaipur and Mumbai. Our core team has the experience of working with various private individuals and corporate houses such as Indian Express, Bajaj, Kalpataru, Hiranandani, Videocon, Texport Group, Viraj Alloys, Lodha Group, Diamond Exports and etc., We have over 300 clients and completed over 2000 projects across the globe. Our designs are inspired by the finest designs across Italy, France and UK with the sensibilities and utilitarian approaches to Commercial Spaces and Indian homes. Email us with your resume and links of your social networking pages alongside the field you're intrigued to join and why will you be an extraordinary expansion to our group. Make sure you add on the subject line “Communications Intern Application” and the field you demonstrate your ability and aptitudes. Job Type: Internship Salary: ₹5,000.00 /month"	1
"Overall purpose of the role : Disney Channel is looking for a producer in creative services to conceptualize, script and produce on air promos, digital videos, brand videos and client based videos. This person will be responsible for conceptualizing, writing and executing creative campaigns/ promos. He /she will work and direct offline and online editors, graphics artists, VO artists and closely with marketing and programming teams. He /She will also need to look for International assets from Disney worldwide and localise them for the Indian markets. Should love watching kids content and be a fan of all things Disney. Responsibilities : Areas of Responsibility: Ideation – Come up with stunt names/show names, creative routes and scripts on the specific project assigned. Edit- Should be able to create an offline line up on premiere pro/ fcp with a script, before taking the edit to the editor. Technical Responsbilities - Direct the offline editor, online editor, GFX team and audio engineer to create an effective promo. Should have a good sense of edit, audio design and graphic design to direct the teams Dealing with Stakeholders- Should be able coordinate with the programming, marketing and production team to ensure all the project completion in a smooth manner Basic Qualifications : Qualification & Experience Required: 5-8 years of experience. Proficiency in written and spoken English and Hindi is a must. Someone already working in a creative wing of leading digital agency or creative wing in an 1 agency or a television channel is preferred. Graduates/Post graduates from leading mass comm institutes / colleges preferred."	1
#NAME?	1
"This is an Business Development And Regeneration Service Company where we do make small Print / video ads for our clients for there products and company marketing purposes. Looking for beautiful , confident young dynamic girls above 18 - 30 Years. Skills : Fluent in Hindi and English Please attach your portfolio or full size photo. Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹100.00 to ₹1,000.00 /hour Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Journalism: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required) Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Preferred) Language: Hindi , English (Preferred) Shifts: Graveyard (Preferred) Required Documents: Address Proof (Preferred) Aadhar Card (Preferred)"	1
"Job Summary Print and Digital 1 Sales Selling Event Sponsorship Persuading clients to buy 1 space and sponsor events/ conferences Finding out who controls the 1 budget in target organisations and contacting them Handling Incoming Enquiries from Potential Corporates Explaining the benefits of your medium, using statistics on readership or viewing figures Offering a price and negotiating around it Closing the deal Responsibilities and Duties Generating leads and Handling incoming Leads Meeting or exceeding sales goals. Negotiating all contracts with prospective clients. Helping determine pricing schedules for quotes, promotions, and negotiations. Coordinating sales efforts with marketing programs. Understanding and promoting company programs. Preparing and submitting sales contracts for orders. Sales Representative Requirements: Experience in sales. Understanding of the sales process and dynamics. A commitment to excellent customer service. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Superb interpersonal skills, including the ability to quickly build rapport with both customers and suppliers. Experience using computers for a variety of tasks. Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook. Able to work comfortably in a fast paced environment. Benefits Incentives Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required) Location: Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English (Required)"	1
"Qualification Graduate in any stream, Masters / PG in marketing Skills-Experience Deadline driven with a strong sense of urgency & achievement Resourcefulness and creative problem solving Good analytical skills Excellent team player Duties-Responsibilities Investigate promotional opportunities and marketing initiatives like annual goals, messaging and business focus. Handle multiple and simultaneous marketing projects Deliver the sales volume, market share, and profit projections for the business Manage and build effective relationships with multiple vendors / clients. Research and produce management and market research reports. Perform market research and trend analysis Age 23 to 35 Experience: Candidates should have 2-6 years of experience in relevant field. Candidates from Media / 1 background will be preferred. Interested candidates requested to forward their resumes on riyo.hr@gmail.com or call- 022-67704000, 67706500, 25000376."	1
"-.Representing Blue Chip Clients -.Responsible for establishing and strengthening relationship with customers in Business -.Require high-involvement with work site activities, also require to prospect in assigned areas. -.Managing and leading a team of 15-20 young professional -.Training and Development -.Understanding Business Finances and Operations Book an appointment with HR Manager Vartika 7232896341 Job Types: Full-time, Fresher Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Location: Jaipur, Rajasthan (Preferred)"	1
"Who Can Apply 1)In the age bracket of 24-32 years 2)Minimum 2-3 years of experience in Media/Space Selling Qualifications Graduate/Post-Graduate Skills Good Contacts with bigsize 1 agencies, financial institutions, corporates and PSUs."	1
"Job Summary Job Description: Responsible for revenue generation through selling advertisement space on B2B websites and magazines to overseas companies. The candidates will be communicating and convincing the marketing heads and c-level executives situated abroad through e-mails, calls, etc. to post their advertisements and utilize our marketing services. Other Responsibilities: Plan and organize a result-oriented sales strategy for the assigned magazines or website. Make telephone calls to conduct business in SEA and Europe and any other region, if required. Drive full sales cycle, from prospecting for new business to closing the deal. Identify client needs, problems and review their business requirements in order to sell tailored solutions. Build sales pipeline in accordance with the defined sales targets. Provide revenue forecasts to Sales Manager on a timely basis. Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with current and prospective customers. Ability to hunt for customer interests, competitive activities, and demand for new products and services. Keep up-to-date with product applications, technical services, market conditions, 1 and promotional trends. Identify collaboration opportunities, form and manage industry partnerships. International Process: Work Timings: 11 am - 8 pm or 12 pm To 9 PM, (Saturday half days and fixed weekly off on every Sunday.) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Sales: 1 year (Required) Customer Service: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: High school or equivalent (Required)"	1
"THE STARS MANAGEMENT is One of the Top Award Winning and Fastest Growing Companies in the 1 and Promotions Industry. We are looking for Candidates with a Professional image, a Good Attitude & a Mentality to Grow with the Company. We are currently looking for business minded professionals to join our young, energetic, fun loving and outgoing team. All the selected applicants will earn an opportunity to various aspects of management and successful candidates will be given an opportunity to run an independent branch office based on their performance. Opportunities will include: - 1.On-the-Job opportunity to master their skills is provided. 2. Personality and leadership development. 3. National and international travel. 4. Training in all aspects of the business. 5. Opportunity to run own independent branch office. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 1.This is a multi-tasking role which involves corporate marketing and management, People management, corporate presentations and Business operations. 2. At an initial level, the role involves face-to-face interaction with the customers in a B2B environment. 3. Responsibilities also include, training new hires, team management, territory management, performance evaluation, office management, administration, business expansions and operations. (At the time of the interview detailed description will be given) ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: 1. Age limit - 19 - 26 yrs 2. UG: Any , PG: Any 3. Proficiency in English 4. Immediate Starters will be preferred EARNING POTENTIAL: INR 12k to INR 34k based on Your performance...! We are passionate about mentoring successful people that sincerely want to make a difference in their career. If you want to be a part of the team, apply now or visit our office. Walk-in Details: Interview Timing: 11 AM to 2:45 PM Job & Interview Location: BANGALORE Position: Management Trainee Website: - www.starsmanagement.in Contact Person: Mr Srivastava 7899975471 *** Note: Please walk-in directly if your call is unanswered & contact between 9 am to 5 pm Venue: STARS MANAGEMENT No.134, 4th Floor, Co-Operative Society Building, KH Road, Shanthinagar, Bangalore-560027. Landmark : opp. Axis Bank (KH ROAD) , Below Richmond Flyover, Before Bharath Petroleum. DOCUMENTATION: 1. Copy of your current updated resume. 2. Recent passport size photograph. 3. A hard copy of this mail. (MANDATORY) 4. The candidate should come in formal attire . Kindly Refrain sandals It doesn't matter What you have studied. What matters is what you can CREATE with what you have studied. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹130,666.00 to ₹400,000.00 /year Experience: Retail Management: 1 year (Preferred) Marketing Management: 1 year (Preferred) Management: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Preferred)"	1
"Purpose of the Role: To create and produce copy for gaming brands the company services. *Key Responsibilities: * Producing copy which is aligned to brand tone of voice for emails, newsletters, campaigns, landing pages and where applicable; press releases Generating stand-alone copy, or text to complement visual concepts Seeking feedback from colleagues to adapt drafts and create finished pieces that attract and persuade Writing gaming previews, opinion pieces and shareable content for the Company’s partnerships and online blog Providing copy for various other marketing materials as and when required Ensuring that all content complies with Codes of 1 Practice (CAP), Collaborating, communicating and building strong relationships with the key internal and external stakeholders Dealing with internal ‘Localisation’ requests as and when they come through Creating promotional emails/copy/text for the CRM team Creating copy for our print publication obligations Actively managing and running the online blog, creating posts, engaging content and 1 promotional offers. Reporting back to line manager with learnings Other responsibilities: Following team’s and Company’s processes and procedures effectively Keeping abreast of professional knowledge by maintaining personal networks and studying developments within the industry. Participating in training as appropriate to maintain own professional expertise and CPD Escalating issues to direct manager as appropriate Undertaking other reasonable duties as instructed by senior management *Required Skills and Abilities: * Keen interest in a wide range of sports Ability to gauge topical sporting stories of interest appealing to a gaming audience Industry knowledge around sports with an understanding of gaming terminology Passion for writing, with good knowledge of different forms of copywriting Good eye for detail and desire for perfection Excellent written and spoken communication skills in English Excellent interpersonal skills and willingness to collaborate Creativity and ability to translate ideas into copy Ability to think outside of the box and produce original and engaging content Good prioritising and time management skills, with commitment to meet deadlines *Desirable Skills and Abilities * Previous experience within the gaming, Sports industry Track record of producing articles for an online sports audience Experience in social media, sports journalism, digital or communications field Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Copywriting: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Job Description: Responsible for revenue generation through selling advertisement space on B2B websites and magazines to overseas companies. The candidates will be communicating and convincing the marketing heads and c-level executives situated abroad through e-mails, calls, etc. to post their advertisements and utilize our marketing services. Other Responsibilities: Plan and organize a result-oriented sales strategy for the assigned magazines or website. Make telephone calls to conduct business in SEA and Europe and any other region, if required. Drive full sales cycle, from prospecting for new business to closing the deal. Identify client needs, problems and review their business requirements in order to sell tailored solutions. Build sales pipeline in accordance with the defined sales targets. Provide revenue forecasts to Sales Manager on a timely basis. Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with current and prospective customers. Ability to hunt for customer interests, competitive activities, and demand for new products and services. Keep up-to-date with product applications, technical services, market conditions, 1 and promotional trends. Identify collaboration opportunities, form and manage industry partnerships. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	1
"We are looking for a creative content writer having a good sense of trend. Content writing for Website pages, Social media posts, powerpoint presentations, videos, brochures, radio ads etc. Contact on 9284602277. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English,Marathi (Required)"	1
"Job Title/Designation: Client Success Specialist - Campaign Manager Job Description: Managing media ad campaigns across Facebook .Suggesting innovations and newer 1 platforms, depending upon the need of the client. Will be a part the Delivery & Client Servicing team for successful delivery of projects Candidate Profile: Creating media plans across various platforms like Facebook & Mobile Will be Working on Media Plans for clients Creating and executing campaigns on various platforms like Facebook & Google Creating reports for all campaigns that have been executed Campaign Management experience Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹800,000.00 /year Experience: Campaign Management: 2 years (Required)"	1
"Experience 1+ years Seniority Level Associate Employment Type Full – Time Role Overview A self-motivated individual with 1 to 3 years of relevant experience who has a craving for creating illustrations and art that wows, an itch to change the norms through their work, constantly reinventing, undertaking relevant research and generating original ideas. Duties & Responsibilities Meet with clients / UX Director /UX Team to determine the scope of a project Research on the right styles to meet the brief Keep up-to-date with the latest trends, new tools and techniques to create digital art Create artwork and illustrations that identify a product or convey a message Develop illustrations for branding, marketing communication, corporate communication and 1 Select colours, illustration style to match the brief Present the illustrations to clients / UX Team / UX Director Incorporate changes recommended by the clients into the final illustrations Review illustrations for errors before printing or publishing them A “never settle” attitude aiming for perfect and reinventing themselves constantly! Skills Required Experience in researching, conceptualising, and creating digital and print illustrations of various styles Experience with various mediums across print & digital formats, and knowledge of challenges associated. Experience with modern designing and illustration software Qualification/Experience Required The ideal candidate will be an inspiring and confident team player with: Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Bachelor’s degree in relevant field required. 1-3 years of relevant experience, agency environment a plus About Thence Thence is a dedicated Digital UI/UX Design Agency with emphasis on Deep User Research, Lean UX Design Methodology, and Continuous Optimization. Our proprietary user-centric KaiXen framework progressively improves the User Experience of your digital assets. Working with Start-ups, Small & Medium Businesses, and Enterprises across the globe, our UI/UX solutions span Web and Mobile Apps, Websites, AR/VR, and Chat/Voice applications. With a mission to enable every business to offer the best of User Experience, our vision is to empower the next billion with usable technology. Founded as WinkTales in 2012, Thence started as a niche UX Design Studio and has since transformed to offer full-cycle UX Solutions. We are a Clutch.co Global Top 15 UI/UX Design Agency. Services: UX Design | UI Design | UX Research | Interaction Design | UI Development | UX Testing | UX Audit | AR/VR Experiences | UX Life Cycle Management | UX Lab Please check about the company, our work and culture at www.thence.co Why Thence Clutch Global Top 15 UI/UX Design Agency & ranked #2 in India Accelerated learning environment amongst talented team members Culture that promotes challenging oneself & continuous improvement Perks & Employee friendly policies End- to-end Ownership given to team members"	1
"Planning To play an important role in the development of the divisional Buying and Merchandising strategy and to ensure that this strategy is implemented on the department. Planning and Management To work with the merchandiser to ensure that relevant market risks and opportunities and trends are taken into account in the development of the departmental financial plans. To work with the merchandiser to ensure that changes in trading conditions are accurately reflected in the departmental projections, and to develop contingency plans that will ensure that the net margin plan can be achieved. Through pro-active trading to take balanced risks and opportunities that will maximise profitability and lead to net margin projections being exceeded. To ensure that the intake margin plan is achieved within the agreed price strategy. Development and Design Through a detailed and informed awareness of market and product trends to work with other buyers to develop and source products appropriate to the department. To ensure that a consistent, appropriate and unique product handwriting is maintained for each market segment. To develop product briefs for the supply base in line with the agreed trends. With the support of the team to source and develop ranges consistent with the product strategy that, through a balance of choice, value, quality, and desirability, continuously exceed the customers expectations. Planning To create structured ranges for each grade and type of stores that will give the best possible choice to the customer while delivering the required returns per square foot To ensure that the true potential sales of each option is planned and that any risk attached to achieving this potential is offset through managed buying. Management To develop genuine and sustainable partnerships with department’s chosen suppliers. To source and develop new suppliers in line with the company strategy. Together with the merchandiser to negotiate with the supplier to obtain the best possible price at the highest quality. Together with the merchandiser to ensure the supplier performs to agreed company standards, imposing penalties where appropriate. Together with Merchandising to conduct the annual review of supplier performance. Together with the merchandiser to provide clear leadership and motivation to other members of the team. To ensure that the skills of all direct reports are fully developed through a balance of training and coaching, and to manage individual performance so that full potential can be realised. Together with the merchandiser to be responsible for the clear communication of all company objectives to the members of the team and to ensure that their concerns are promptly communicated to the Head B&M. To ensure that the agreed personal development plans is achieved. To develop planograms that will enable the operations team to retail the product to its best advantage. To regularly update the operations teams on key product benefits and to provide input into all product information communication. To support marketing with appropriate product for all 1 and PR. To work with marketing and design to develop visual merchandising promotions in line with theme and product launches. To seek out and consider the interests of both internal and external customers at all times and, together with the merchandiser, to act as the primary point of contact should any issues relating to the department arise. To initiate and develop improvements in buying processes and best practices. To manage budgeted department expenditure within agreed levels. General Integration with internal customers (Retail, Store planning, Visual Merchandisers) and external customers (consumer). Regularly track the Market, Competition’s activities and consumer’s needs and buying pattern. To impart Product Knowledge on a regular basis. Reporting relationships: Reports to the Head B&M, the assistant and deputy buyer reports in to this position. Technical skills: Analytical skills, numerical reasoning, effective presentation skills, sound financial perspective."	1
"Planning To play an important role in the development of the divisional Buying and Merchandising strategy and to ensure that this strategy is implemented on the department. Planning and Management To work with the merchandiser to ensure that relevant market risks and opportunities and trends are taken into account in the development of the departmental financial plans. To work with the merchandiser to ensure that changes in trading conditions are accurately reflected in the departmental projections, and to develop contingency plans that will ensure that the net margin plan can be achieved. Through pro-active trading to take balanced risks and opportunities that will maximise profitability and lead to net margin projections being exceeded. To ensure that the intake margin plan is achieved within the agreed price strategy. Development and Design Through a detailed and informed awareness of market and product trends to work with other buyers to develop and source products appropriate to the department. To ensure that a consistent, appropriate and unique product handwriting is maintained for each market segment. To develop product briefs for the supply base in line with the agreed trends. With the support of the team to source and develop ranges consistent with the product strategy that, through a balance of choice, value, quality, and desirability, continuously exceed the customers expectations. Planning To create structured ranges for each grade and type of stores that will give the best possible choice to the customer while delivering the required returns per square foot To ensure that the true potential sales of each option is planned and that any risk attached to achieving this potential is offset through managed buying. Management To develop genuine and sustainable partnerships with department’s chosen suppliers. To source and develop new suppliers in line with the company strategy. Together with the merchandiser to negotiate with the supplier to obtain the best possible price at the highest quality. Together with the merchandiser to ensure the supplier performs to agreed company standards, imposing penalties where appropriate. Together with Merchandising to conduct the annual review of supplier performance. Together with the merchandiser to provide clear leadership and motivation to other members of the team. To ensure that the skills of all direct reports are fully developed through a balance of training and coaching, and to manage individual performance so that full potential can be realised. Together with the merchandiser to be responsible for the clear communication of all company objectives to the members of the team and to ensure that their concerns are promptly communicated to the Head B&M. To ensure that the agreed personal development plans is achieved. To develop planograms that will enable the operations team to retail the product to its best advantage. To regularly update the operations teams on key product benefits and to provide input into all product information communication. To support marketing with appropriate product for all 1 and PR. To work with marketing and design to develop visual merchandising promotions in line with theme and product launches. To seek out and consider the interests of both internal and external customers at all times and, together with the merchandiser, to act as the primary point of contact should any issues relating to the department arise. To initiate and develop improvements in buying processes and best practices. To manage budgeted department expenditure within agreed levels. General Integration with internal customers (Retail, Store planning, Visual Merchandisers) and external customers (consumer). Regularly track the Market, Competition’s activities and consumer’s needs and buying pattern. To impart Product Knowledge on a regular basis. Reporting relationships: Reports to the Head B&M, the assistant and deputy buyer reports in to this position. Technical skills: Analytical skills, numerical reasoning, effective presentation skills, sound financial perspective."	1
"We are looking for an organised, reliable, hardworking, and detail-oriented Traffic Associate to join the APAC Ad Operations team, based in Mumbai. You will ensure that Ad Sales operations run smoothly, and implement all ad campaigns across various platforms (online, mobile, and devices). This includes, but is not limited to: ad trafficking, QA, and providing campaign reports and analysis to support the Account Management team. You will also be supporting the Labels Ad Ops team. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music. What you’ll do Traffic, QA, and maintain all online, consumer device, and mobile 1 campaigns Troubleshoot any ad creative issues that impact tracking, implementation or reporting Create reports to monitor campaign delivery and to communicate relevant metrics Provide optimisation and yield management through various reporting tools Provide proof of implementation to Account Management through reporting Regularly monitor and reconcile campaign delivery across third party ad serving and internal systems Ensure completeness of ad campaigns to client specifications Work collaboratively with Account Managers to recommend campaign optimisations, leveraging understanding of advertiser and product performance Support Labels Ad Ops & Labels Relations teams with trafficking 1 campaigns Work from our office in Mumbai, India. Who you are You have 1-2+ years online / digital ad trafficking experience You have experience trafficking in DFP You have a keen sense of detail You are able to multitask in an energetic environment You are hands-on and have great relationship skills to get things done accurately and efficiently You are results-driven with strong analytical skills You have a deep understanding of HTML, Javascript, and other technologies You are eager to hone your skills and help us build an extraordinary Ad sales team You love music! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."	1
"Position Summary: ** Want to be part of a company which has pioneered digital promotions, media and 1 solutions driven by data. We innovate every day to connect Shoppers, Retailers and thousands of brands to provide world class Shopping experience. Quotient Retailer iQ, has been awarded the Digiday Signal award for Best Retail Technology,2017. The technology platforms that bring efficiency, effectiveness and creativity to the media and marketing processes for brands, agencies and publishers. The Production Database team supports the database Infrastructure, build and maintain large footprint of MariaDB, MS SQL, Cassandra platform that servers millions of retail customers. We are looking for a talented database administrator to be part of our Bengaluru, India team. As a Database Administrator, you will fill an operational role, having ownership of all deep technical aspects of our database platform maintaining HA. Reporting to the Director of Technical Operations, you will partner with onsite DBA team following sun model to deliver required performance and scaling of the production servers. Position Responsibilities: ** o Candidate will be responsible for administering, monitoring, and maintaining large footprint of Multi-Datacenter Datastax Enterprise/ Apache Cassandra clusters. o Candidate will be responsible for configuring and performance tuning of DSE Cassandra 4.x and above, Solr and Spark clusters. o Configuring and monitoring ring in Cassandra, in-depth knowledge of housekeeping activities with opscenter, nodetool or other open source tools. o Optimizing, monitoring, and understanding of Cassandra configurations to help increase the performance of the clusters. Scripting, Automation and monitoring of compression, compaction and other set up parameters based on the use case of Column families. o Backup and Recovery: Taking a Snapshot, Incremental Backup, Restore. Implement Disaster Recovery. o Patch/ Upgrade Cassandra clusters. o Professional Certification on DSE Apache Cassandra is a plus. o Strong understanding of compaction and compression tuning, SSTable management. o Perform database tuning, trend analysis and capacity planning. o Implement database security policies and audits. o Publish and maintain SOPs and database knowledge base. o Work closely with development team members and provide database support in schema design and changes, as well as code review. Required Skills: ** o 3+ years administrator experience on Apache Cassandra**or DataStax Enterprise is a must. o 6+ years progressive responsibilities in Database administration primarily Apache Cassandra. MySQL and MS SQL experience is a plus. o Strong Linux and scripting skills. Working knowledge of Ops central or ELK and Graphite/Grafana. o Exceptional experience administering multi-Terabyte databases in 24x7x365 high traffic internet applications environment. o Able to quickly isolate and resolve production performance problems. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹2,000,000.00 to ₹3,500,000.00 /year Experience: Ops central: 6 years (Required) Database: 6 years (Required) ELK and Graphite/Grafana.: 6 years (Required) Apache Cassandra: 6 years (Required) Linux and scripting skills: 6 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"1. Developing local vendors especially for sofas and steel Almirahs across all the regions. 2. Taking care of Factory Assessment. 3. Cost Negotiation. 4. Product Development Sales and Welded Almiras 5. Purchase Order Management. 6. Stock Management and packing improvements 7. Quality management and packing improvements. 8. Analysing product trends and develop products accordingly. Salary: INR Best in the Industry Industry:Consumer Electronics / Appliances / Durables Functional Area:Marketing, 1, MR, PR, Media Planning Role Category:1 Role:Media Buying Executive/Manager Keyskills Purchase OrderProduct DevelopmentOrder ManagementQuality ManagementStock Management Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above"	1
"Job Summary Job Description 1. Excellent presentation, oral and written communication skills. 2. Should have prior experience with 1 agencies only. 3. Industry research capabilities, to understand Clients business environment. 4. A good eye for details. 5. Dynamic, self-motivated team player with a positive attitude to work, Patience, high Client orientation, and business common sense. 6. Mapping Client organization and team structure. 7. Presenting of credentials and leveraging the same with Client. 8. Generation of estimates and obtaining of budgetary approvals from Clients. 9. Close interaction with design, planning, project management and execution teams to review delivery of services. 10. Documentation and maintenance of Client archive and interaction history. Other/Special Requirements 1. Ability to prioritize the work and meet deadlines 2. Works independently and in teams 3. Strong analytical skills are essential Interested candidates are requested to mail updated CV with below details directly on siddharth.bigone@gmail. com (We will contact you if your profile matched with our requirement) Total Experience - Industry worked for - Applying Post - Relevant Experience - Currently Working or not - Current/Last CTC - Expected CTC - Notice Period - Current Location - Ready to relocate - Preferred Location - Call 8851163841 Whatsapp 7859860869 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹350,000.00 to ₹450,000.00 /year"	1
"Regional Facilitator for Bangladesh, Nepal, India - South Asia THIS POSITION IS AN INTERNATIONAL MISSION CO-WORKER BASED FULL TIME IN BANGLADESH. Position description: The Regional Facilitator for Bangladesh, Nepal, India - South Asia - Reports to the Area Coordinator for Asia-Pacific and will also work with the Regional Liaison and/or Staff teams for East Asia and Southeast Asia. Since issues of Migration are global, there will also be connection with pertinent ministries in locations such as the Philippines, Thailand, and Indonesia; (the Pacific) Papua, Fiji, and Guam; and, (East Asia) China, Japan, Taiwan, and South Korea. Represents the Presbyterian Church (USA) and works with the Church of Bangladesh (CoB), the United Mission to Nepal (UMN), and the Church of North India (CNI) to collaboratively connect their programs with the PCUSA and highlight shared points of connection. Works with the various global partners relted to the PCUSA as well as with non governmental organizations (NGOs) in order to facilitate coordination of mission and ministry efforts pertaining to issues of migration including its implicit and explicit subsequent issues. These efforts include but are not limited to human trafficking, abuses to overseas workers, sex slavery, forced migration, climate-change migration, etc. Serves as a resource for connection and information between partners and the PCUSA entities in conjunction with World Mission and develop strategies for South Asia in collaboration with the Area Coordinator for Asia-Pacific and global partners. Resides in Bangladesh but will communicate with and travel to Nepal and India as well as to locations in East Asia and Southeast Asia, connecting with the appropriate offices, projects and programs. Description of Location: The Mission Co-Worker will be based in Bangladesh and will travel to other countries as needed. The primary location will be in or around Dhaka, Bangladesh: Dhaka is the capital and largest city of Bangladesh. It is one of the largest and most densely populated cities in the world, with a population of 18.89 million people in the Greater Dhaka Area. Dhaka is the economic, political and cultural center of Bangladesh. It is one of the major cities of South Asia, the largest city in Eastern South Asia and among the Bay of Bengal countries; and one of the largest cities among OIC countries. As part of the Bengal plain, the city is bounded by the Buriganga River, Turag River, Dhaleshwari River and Shitalakshya River. The city is located in an eponymous district and division. Dhaka is now one of the most densely industrialized regions in the country. By the 21st century, it emerged as a megacity, which is now listed as a Beta- Global City by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network (GaWC). The city's culture is known for its cycle-rickshaws, cuisine, art festivals and religious diversity. The old city is home to around 2000 buildings from the Mughal and British periods, including notable structures such as the Bara Katra and Choto Katra caravansaries. The city's modernist national assembly is one of the largest parliaments in the world. Dhaka has a tropical savanna climate. The city has a distinct monsoonal season, with an annual average temperature of 26 °C (79 °F) and monthly means varying between 19 °C (66 °F) in January and 29 °C (84 °F) in May. Approximately 87% of the annual average rainfall of 2,123 millimetres (83.6 inches) occurs between May and October. Bengali, the national language, is spoken by the predominant majority population of Dhaka. English is the second language and widely understood by educated peoples. People of old part of the city speaks in Urdu and Kutti language, which is a Bengali-based Creole language with large amount of Persian, Arabic & Hindi-Urdu vocabulary. There is a minority Urdu-speaking population, who are descendants of migrant Muslims from different parts of India. Islam is the dominant religion of the city, with 90% of the population being Muslim, and a majority belonging to the Sunni sect. There is also a small Shia sect, and an Ahmadiya community. Hinduism is the second-largest religion and comprises 8.2% of the population. Smaller segments practice Christianity and Buddhism. The city also has lsmaili, Sikh, Hrishi & Baha'i Faith communities. Essential Tasks and Responsibilities: Establishes relationships and acts as a liaison between organizations working on issues of migration including human trafficking, climate justice, etc. Works with global partners to implement and facilitate practical needs related to programs related to individuals victimized by issues of migration. Meets regularly with the Regional Liaison and/or Regional Staff teams for East, Southeast, and South Asia to work on efforts that connect churches with NGOs and other organizations and coordinate responses. Meetings will also concern issues and activities and the status of projects. Works with Asia-Pacific area office, Mission Personnel Team, etc. to connect work in Asia Pacific strategies, and current initiatives (e.g. Matthew 25), as applicable. Coordinates efforts to connect with US congregations and maintains databases. Works with Office of Public Witness, Presbyterian United Nations Office, Presbyterian Peacemaking Program, Presbyterian Women and other PCUSA programs, interpreting and applying PCUSA policies as necessary as well as developing ways and means for connecting the work in Asia-Pacific with the US through each of these offices. Informs all levels of the church regarding pertinent matters related to issues of migration, especially around human trafficking, partnering with PMA and OGA staffs who work on the issue. Develops materials for churches to use for informational and educational purposes working through the Human Trafficking Roundtable and the Migration Roundtable as well as other groups. Plans trips and other events for church groups and others interested in learning. Organizes meetings and prepares and distributes materials for conferences and lectures as needed. Works with Communications personnel to create and/or maintain external program 1/medi a through websites, brochures, postcards, publications, etc. Creates/edits annual publications regarding the program. Maintains program's website, as needed and as appropriate according to protocols. Develops brochures, invitations, or advertisements for events/lectures. Receives inquiries from and provides guidance for interested persons and/or groups. Performs other duties as assigned. Required Education and Languages: Minimum requirement: Graduate degree; post-graduate, preferred; or, experience of 3-5 years in program development or community development Required skills, experience, licenses, and certifications: • • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to handle sensitive information with absolute confidentiality. Ability to organize individuals and groups around a particular issue Ability to navigate the nuances of sensitive information, verbal and non-verbal. Ability to make decisions independently or to escalate issues as needed. Ability to organize information. Ability to articulate and interpret pertinent and related policies of the Presbyterian Church (USA). Ability to work ecumenically and collaboratively with faith-based missions as well as humanitarian NGOs and government entities focused on immigration issues, especially human trafficking, labor exploitation, and slavery. Working knowledge of basic software applications including Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Required Ecclesiastical Status (any of the following): Member of Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), or other Reformed tradition Length of First Term of Service and Preferred Starting Date: Length of first term: 4 years Starting Date: ASAP - 2019 With national offices in Louisville, Kentucky, the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) focuses on the national and international mission work of the church. It serves and works with congregations, presbyteries, and synods as the central provider of resources that enable individuals, congregations, and governing bodies to carry forth the mission of Jesus Christ in the world. The work at the Presbyterian Center is carried out by approximately 275 staff members who provide overall support for the mission of the church. Screenings: Drug Screen, Criminal Background Check, Other We believe a balanced life, with time for work, leisure, and spiritual nurture, makes us healthier and more productive colleagues at the Presbyterian Center. The Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) offers a competitive benefit package including: Company Paid Benefits Medical Vacation Days Sick Days Paid Holidays Death and Disability Pension Plan Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Employee Assistance Program (EAP) Voluntary Benefits Dental insurance Flexible Spending accounts 403(b) Retirement Savings Plan Group Term Life Insurance Critical Illness Insurance Accident Insurance The Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Individuals living with disability encouraged to apply."	1
The candidate should have end to end strong experience in Marketing Communications. Handling all mediums relevant to high penetration consumer products would be highly desirable. Having effectively used digital medium for simplified communication would be very relevant. Having run mass social campaigns is a plus. Backgroud in marketing of FMCG / any other mass consumer product or service is ideal. Salary : 50L Industry : Financial Services Functional Area : Marketing / 1 / MR / PR Role Category : Marketing Employment Type : Full-Time Education / Qualification : MBA Key Skills Marketing FMCG Digital Communication ATL BTL	1
"Marketing and Sales Manager Responsibilities Accomplish marketing and sales goals through normal managerial duties. Identify trends and determine improvements to achieve marketing and sales operational goals Prepare an annual budget to meet marketing and sales financial goals Develop field sales action plans and 1 to accomplish marketing and sales goals Identify different consumer requirements to properly identify marketing opportunities Research and capitalize on different marketing opportunities to improve product marketability and profitability Anticipate new opportunities to maintain relationship with important clients Gather, investigate and summarize data and trends to provide accurate information through reports Collaborate with other managers to achieve important goals Marketing and Sales Manager Requirements Bachelor’s Degree in Business and Marketing or related field 1-2 years of management experience in the hospitality industry Strong intrapersonal skills Familiarity with data analysis and reporting Exceptional understanding of sales and marketing Excellent verbal and written communication skills Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹35,000.00 to ₹80,000.00 /month Experience: management: 1 year (Preferred) Sales: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"THE CANDIDATE SHOULD BE A GRADUATE WITH MINIMUM 2-3 YEARS EXPERIENCE IN 1 OR ALLIED INDUSTRY. SHOULD BE FLUENT IN SPOKEN ENGLISH AND SHOULD HAVE EXCELLENT COMMUNICATION SKILLS. HE/SHE SHOULD BE READY TO WORK HARD WITH GREAT DEDICATION. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	1
"Job Summary The goal of the Digital Marketing Manager is to drive inbound leads for the company by leveraging your knowledge to brand management through SEO, SEM, and email marketing. The ideal candidate for this role has new ideas and perspectives to bring to the table, and also has the technical ability and know-how to execute those ideas .B2B Lead Generation . Job Description Develop and execute an SEO strategy, working with the website manager and content writers to incorporate SEO best practices. B2B Lead Generation . Manage AdWords and other digital 1 campaigns Design and execute email marketing campaigns Build and maintain KPI to measure the effectiveness of efforts Responsibilities and Duties Our Ideal Candidate: Proven expertise in writing content Needs to own the lead generation goals Should have technical know-how of tools for both inbound and outbound Able to research industry-specific groups and channels to post necessary content English expertise is a must Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in marketing or a similar field 1-2 years of digital marketing experience, preferably in a B2B technology organization or agency Expertise in SEO, including keyword research, ranking factors, backlinks, etc. Significant experience with AdWords and digital 1 strategies Experience running marketing automation platforms; Digital marketing campaign planning and management experience Ability to manage multiple tasks with little to moderate direction Track record of delivering quality work on time. Benefits Fast career growth to leadership position for proven candidate Opportunity to advance career within sales or other areas in company Job Type: Full-time Age less than 28 Years Experience: Digital Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹120,000.00 to ₹250,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Digital Marketing: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Candidate should have complete knowledge of Corel Draw, Adobe illustrator and Adobe Photoshop must. 1, and Designing agency experience preferred. Brimming with creative ideas Candidate should have superior designing and visualizing expertise and to convert briefs into visually engaging layouts. Should have worked on Creative 1 campaigns, print ads, brochures, mailers, digital outdoor media. Perfect knowledge of artwork, printing and digital printing will be an added advantage. Responsibilities and Duties Creating 1 Campaigns Visualising & Layouting for Print, Digital & Outdoor Media Brand Logo Development & Brand Extensions Brand Packaging & Brochures and Event Layouts Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Corel Draw, Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop Perfect Knowledge 1 / Branding Agency Experience preferred 4 colour separation Artworks Image editing Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Photoshop, corel draw: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Ideation & Visualization of theme, concept for films, events, exhibition. Communicating with management on new concepts, opportunities w.r.t. creative content diversity. Overseeing story board, scripting for films and events. Creating content i.e. writing script. Meeting client to get the better idea of client's needs. Involved in strategizing & creating content, sales/promotional pitch for potential clients. * Working with creative and other departments to articulate client requirements. * Coordination & follow-up with Clients. Interested candidates are requested to mail updated CV with below details directly on siddharth.bigone@gmail. com Total Experience - Industry worked for - Applying Post - Relevant Experience - Currently Working or not - Current/Last CTC - Expected CTC - Notice Period - Current Location - Ready to relocate - Preferred Location - Call 8851163841 Whatsapp 7859860869 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹600,000.00 to ₹800,000.00 /year"	1
"Blis is one of the world’s fastest growing location based mobile businesses in the industry. With appearances in the Sunday Times Tech Track 100 for the 4th year running, we are the global leader in advanced location data technology. Our tech stack was built from the ground up with principles of data accuracy and scale at its core. We are a truly innovative AdTech business building the best systems, platforms and teams to support our clients needs around the globe. Explosive growth during 2018 while working with the biggest digital brands in the world and an unprecedented opportunity in 2019 sees a requirement to build the team with several new positions being sought. With the backing of one of the best media specific Venture Capital groups, Blis are in great shape to continue being at the forefront of the mobile 1 revolution. We are a highly ambitious, young, dynamic and fun company to work for, established in 2004 the company has since expanded from its London HQ into 24 offices worldwide. We are looking for a Campaign Manager to join the Ad Operations team based from our Mumbai office. The role will involve the management of multiple campaigns from set up to completion, optimising where possible and troubleshooting issues where appropriate. There is an account management aspect to the role requiring the provision of reports for clients that leverage campaign insights, as well as liaising with clients to ensure their expectations are met. This role reports to our Ad Operations Team Lead helping them with the smooth running of a client patch. You will also be required to work with the sales team to assist with the planning of briefs. At month end you will be responsible for the reconciliation of billing figures from the Blis platform for invoicing purposes. Responsibilities: Manage the delivery of RTB campaigns using the Blis DSP. Ensure campaigns are set up and run as per relevant targeting laid out by the Sales person responsible. Monitoring campaign delivery, performance and margin to ensure all targets are met. Provide Sales/Clients with optimisations and recommendations by analysing across key variables. Carrying out post-campaign analysis to provide insights to share with Sales/Clients. Good organisational skills are required to be able to run multiple campaigns at one time, and to ensure campaign finances are managed correctly. At month end you will be responsible for the reconciliation of billing figures from the platform and populating templates ready for invoicing. Skills and Experience: 4-6 years of experience in campaign management Graduate from a reputable university. Excellent communication skills. Works well both within a team and individually. Organisational and time management skills to juggle multiple tasks. Ability to problem solve and analyse data sets. Good excel skills. Interest in ad technology and digital media. Please note the office hours for this role are 6.30am IST – 3pm IST (9am SGT – 5.30pm SGT)."	1
"Overview of job The Glitch is an agency of GroupM, the world’s largest media investment company and is a part of WPP. In fact, we are responsible for one in every three ads you see globally. We are currently looking for a Manager – Brand Strategy, to join us. In this role, you will be responsible for translating brands marketing objectives into strategies, designs, and plans. Our Group Head will give direction to the Brand Strategy team and help in developing rich content applicable across different digital media platforms. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated, resourceful and have impeccable design, content and leadership skills. At GroupM APAC, our people are our strength, which is why fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion is important to us. Reporting of the role This role reports to the Group Head 3 best things about the job: Work with one of the leading entertainment brand in the industry. Create engaging and creative strategies to reach out to the audience. Opportunities to work closely with leadership to grow in the agency and decide growth strategies. In this role, your goals will be: In three months: Understand the entertainment category and brand objectives for the year. Managing designated clients’ social media 1 campaigns and official accounts independently Oversee the team of JMs and Managers to build quality control and digital knowhow In six months: Fully manage and be accountable for the planning, implementation, and delivery of all digital campaigns. Become a trusted advisor to the client by properly justifying recommendations, strong timeline management and delivering outcomes. Flexible and creative campaign ideas and problem-solving for designated clients and other existing clients In 12 months: Managing social part of new business pitches & strategic plans under the minimum supervision Challenge briefs and constantly evolve our strategies to ensure we hit client KPIs and constantly take campaigns to the next level. What your day job looks like at The Glitch: Create Strategy for international brands for their digital campaigns Lead Managers in setting brand strategies and develop appropriate digital media plans Delegate work effectively Supervise, counsel and guide managers and executives likewise Manage group dynamics between Managers and executives Check for accuracy, timeliness, and quality of content delivered by managers Initiate appropriate cross-functional meetings between Client Strategy team and Brand Strategy Team Attend and participate in Client meetings/pitches Adherence to tight deadlines while delivering flawless work Demonstrate creativity and can give links to previous work What you’ll need: A good sense of humour. Jokes sell content. A strong understanding of pop-culture and internet memes. The drive to push yourself to deliver the highest quality work that you can be proud of. Minimum a year's experience in Copywriting in digital media and 1 or any related field A Strong Portfolio Mass Communication/Journalism Graduate, Masters Degree/Diploma preferred Experience in managing a team Proficient in English & Hindi. More about The Glitch The Glitch is a digital-first creative agency headquartered in Mumbai, with offices in Delhi and Bangalore. We help brands impact culture and solve their business problems by marrying deep strategic insight with our core creative & content capabilities. Discover more about The Glitch at http://www.theglitch.in/ Follow @followtheglitch on Twitter Follow GroupM on LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/company/796114/ About India Digital media 1 in India continues to grow at 30% in 2017, cementing India’s position as the second largest internet market with close to 450 million users. The Internet growth is driven by mobile data and connectivity, making it an exciting market for all integrated marketing services, fuelled by the collective market investment in data and technology. With a booming economy, both traditional and new age industries are witnessing a boost in consumption, making India a high potential 1 market. With renewed foreign investments across several industries, India is an exciting market for any 1 professional."	1
"Will have to chat with international clients Perform optimization on our system Daily follow-up with clients Creating weekly reports for advertiser's and publisher's spending Should be good in writing emails Should be punctual and work oriented Training will be provided for everything Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Overview of job – Mindshare is an agency of GroupM, world’s largest media investment company and are a part of WPP. In fact, we are responsible for one in every three ads you see globally. We are currently looking for a General Manager (Principal Partner) to join us. In this role, you will be responsible for the overall delivery on the Largest FMCG brand of India. You will need to have a good managerial skill sets, strategic bent of mind, excellent communication and presentation skills, digitally savvy, collaborative mindsets (internal and external), driving the innovation and new age solutions, grooming the team and make them future-ready. You will be the key custodian of building a rapport and relationship with the senior management team at the clients end. Someone who can understand client business, challenges and craft the strategic media solution to deliver the key business/ brand / media KPIs. You will need to understand the new age eco-system of data, digital and content and able to craft the newer disciplines seamlessly into the offering for the client. At GroupM APAC, our people are our strength, which is why fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion is important to us. Reporting of the role This role reports to the Vice President – Client Leadership 3 best things about the job: You get to work on the biggest advertiser of the country Lead strategic thinking & integrated solutions across Personal Care category Ability to work under pressure and short turnaround time keeping you nimble and agile in this challenging work environment. (we see this as a positive learning experience) In this role, your goals will be: In three months: Establish leadership stance among key stakeholders both on client and agency side Translate the client’s needs into clear direction for Mindshare and GroupM resources working on the account Become completely familiar with the client’s organizational structure, planning process, marketing calendar and the needs of key stakeholders Understand the Mindshare way of working and are able to navigate through the verticals In six months: Fostered strong client relationships across the client portfolio for self and team and have a strong understanding of the client’s key business requirements To be recognized as their trusted advisor, execute “media first” innovations and deliver exceptional ROI for the client Lead the change in digital, data and content ecosystem. Identify opportunity and collaborate with internal team / potential partners to deliver the best possible solution Demonstrated the ability to guide and coach team, helping them improve their strategic thinking skills and capabilities as well as their digital, data and content knowledge In 12 months: Demonstrated the ability to develop and diversify clients and translate them into commercial opportunities Work in closely on innovative projects that help drive further growth Participate and lead in a winning new business pitch Build client satisfaction by soliciting critical feedback What your day job looks like at Mindshare: Provide strategic thinking, innovative communication planning and hard-core media fundamental knowledge to craft out innovative integrated brand strategies Acts as a client visionary by bringing a highly valued perspective to the client based on a deep understanding of their business, issues and opportunities. Should be able to lead strategic conversations on Media, communication planning that drives business outcomes Manage and motivate team to effectively deliver to client needs and goals Ensure timely team appraisals and clear development goals for team members; identify and follow through on appropriate training and career development for the team What you’ll bring: High integrity while maintaining positive, open relationships Show a depth of understanding of the industry, business, brands and consumers and has the ability to dial up his servicing skills with senior management stakeholders at Star beyond the media team, including business and marketing as well. Understanding business principles and good practice and perceives issues in both financial and commercial terms. Highly passionate, collaborative, outgoing, creative media leader and thinker Strong presentation skills Highly articulate, story-telling capability Stakeholder management Business acumen Acute inquisitiveness and understanding of an entrepreneur’s mindset Ability to understand mediums beyond ATL Minimum qualifications: Minimum 13 years+ total work experience in media business consultancy, market research/analytics or a strategic planning role, of which at least 3-4 years have been spent working on media/communications planning related business. FMCG experience (client / agency) will be a definitive added advantage Excellent communication/presentation/client management skills More about Mindshare We were born in Asia in 1997, a start up with a desire to change the media world. Now we are a global agency with more than 7,000 employees in 116 offices across 86 countries, operating as one team - #teammindshare. We believe that in today’s world, everything begins and ends in media. We aim to be our clients’ lead business partner, to grow their business, and drive profitability through adaptive and inventive marketing. We do this through speed, teamwork and provocation and by operating as a network of networks rather than a rigid hierarchy. We create new things and have fun doing it. Whenever and wherever you join us, you open a door to opportunities in any and of all aspects of media, technology and innovation. We will support you, recognize you and reward you, making Mindshare the place where you do the best work of your career. Mindshare APAC has won 500 awards in the last year alone, including “Agency Network of the Year 2017” by both the MMA SMARTIES™ and Campaign Asia for the fifth and third consecutive year, respectively. Mindshare is part of GroupM, the media investment management arm of WPP, the world’s leading communications services group. To learn more about Mindshare and our philosophy of Original Thinking, visit us at www.mindshareworld.com and follow us on Twitter @mindshare and facebook.com/mindshareapac and linkedin.com/company/mindshare. About India Digital media 1 in India continues to grow at 30% in 2017, cementing India’s position as the second largest internet market with close to 450 million users. The Internet growth is driven by mobile data and connectivity, making it an exciting market for all integrated marketing services, fueled by the collective market investment in data and technology. With a booming economy, both traditional and new age industries are witnessing a boost in consumption, making India a high potential 1 market. With renewed foreign investments across several industries, India is an exciting market for any 1 professional."	1
"We are a marketing & Sales agency, specializing in developing & running, commercial & community customer engagement programs . We offer a bespoke outsourcing solution to take our clients’ products, services or brands direct to their customers. Much of our work has been customer recruitment focused, but the services we offer range from: sales campaign Management, Events, Road Shows- Road trips, field marketing. JOB PROFILE: 1)Marketing/ 1 & Concept Branding 2)Customer Acquisition & Promotion: Communicate with target customers and manage customer relationships 3)Managing Business Finances & Operations 4)Human Resource Development & Human Resource Management. 5) Training and Developing team members to develop a high performance culture. 6) Enhancing leadership by using effective communication & coaching of team members. 7) Opportunity of business exposure to National / International Travel for training & Business Development. Book an appointment with Hr manager on 8875192952 Besides that, we do have: 1) Career Advancement 2) Travel Opportunities 3) Fun-filled environment Requirements: 1) Ability to work in a team 2) Willing to learn 3) Open to travel 4) Fluent English speakers Qualifications: 1) MBAs in HR, Marketing, Finance Operations Management 2) Any graduate or post-graduate interested in Management can apply 3) Experience Maximum0- 3 years Job Types: Full-time, Fresher Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month Location: Jaipur, Rajasthan (Preferred)"	1
"Minimum qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: Experience in working against an assigned quota. Demonstrated experience in managing and customizing experience to a customer base. Demonstrated ability to multitask and manage multiple projects at a time while paying strict attention to detail. Proactive, independent worker with the demonstrated capacity to lead, motivate and work well with others. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. About the job Businesses that partner with Google come in all shapes, sizes and market caps, and no one Google 1 solution works for all. Your knowledge of online media combined with your communication skills and analytical abilities shapes how new and existing business grow. Using your influencing and relationship-building skills, you provide Google-caliber client service, research and market analysis. You anticipate how decisions are made, persistently explore and uncover the business needs of Google's key clients and understand how our range of product offerings can grow their business. Working with them, you set the vision and the strategy for how their 1 can reach thousands of users. As an Account Manager for Google Customer Solutions, you'll work towards strategic business goals and consult with a variety of existing large and medium sized business advertisers. You will focus on providing the optimal 1 solution for each client and thus enabling advertisers to expand their businesses with Google's latest 1 products and solutions. Your understanding of online media combined with your commercial know-how shape how new and existing businesses grow. Using your effective communication skills, you''ll be the face of Google to a portfolio of clients whose needs you listen to, and help define the strategy for how their products and services can reach thousands of users. When our millions of advertisers and publishers are happy, so are we! Our Google Customer Solutions (GCS) team of entrepreneurial, enthusiastic and client-focused members are the ""human face"" of Google, helping entrepreneurs both individually and broadly build their online presence and grow their businesses. We are dedicated to growing the unique needs of 1 companies. Our teams of strategists, analysts, advisers and support specialists collaborate closely to spot and analyze customer needs and trends. In collaboration, we create and implement business plans broadly for all types of businesses. Responsibilities Deliver against assigned quota consistently, while prioritizing and delivering an excellent customer experience to Google's advertisers. Implement creative ways to improve our customer relationships, tailor and share performance-enhancing suggestions, and promote other Google products. Communicate with customers proactively, via phone and email. Provide strategic advice and help our advertisers get the best ROI on their 1 investment by working closely in a consultative role with customers. Share and collaborate with Specialists, Engineers, and Product team members on new feature development through direct exposure to advertisers. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form."	1
"We are currently looking for a number of Lighting Artist who will be responsible for Lighting projects. RequirementsWe are constantly looking for the best talent in the world, enthusiastic people that come in everyday to be a part of some of the best work in the industry. Our team produces creative, visually stunning and technically challenging VFX and digital projects of the highest quality, and we are looking for candidates with a desire to be involved in the success of these projects. Qualifications Previous experience in Lighting and Rendering for 1, feature film or animation production. Experience using Maya and Arnold Houdini and Mantra is a Plus Solid understanding of a lighting production pipeline Good communication skills to enable you to work well in a team Ability to troubleshoot and solve problems independently Some more generalist VFX skills would be a benefit What can we offer? iCastx offers a positive, creative environment where the world’s leading animation and effects artists are encouraged and supported to develop and produce challenging, cutting-edge, award-winning work. We work as a collective, where excellence, expertise and expression are valued by all; where we collaborate with some of the world’s leading creative thinkers and produce work to which we are proud to put our name. If you want to be part of the Icastx story, please submit your application as an online submission via this website. If your candidature is suitable, you will be contacted shortly. If your application is not retained for this position, it will stay on file for future opportunities."	1
"Job Summary We are searching for a decisive, organized 1 Manager to oversee operations and direct staff members in our 1 staff as they develop unique and exciting campaigns. The 1 Manager will collaborate with clients and 1 staff to establish project objectives, delegate tasks to appropriate team members, direct research, analyze data, and evaluate projects to ensure they meet the expectations of the client, properly represent the brand, and achieve the desired results. They may also assist with the hiring and employee evaluation process. Responsibilities and Duties 1 Manager Responsibilities: Overseeing 1 department operations and staff members. Working with staff members, clients, or an ad agency to establish and meet projects goals and establish and enforce budgets and timelines. Developing 1 strategies to increase buyer interest in products or services. Monitoring project progress from planning to execution to ensure it remains focused and evaluate its effectiveness. Negotiating contracts specifications and terms with clients or other external parties. Initiating and directing research efforts. Qualifications and Skills 1 Manager Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in 1, marketing, or related field. 2+ years of experience in relevant field, management experience may be preferred. Understanding of design and marketing principles and techniques. Ability to develop strategies based on industry trends and developments. Exceptional organizational and multitasking skills, especially when working with multiple projects/teams. Excellent management, negotiation, listening, and verbal and written communication skills. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) 1: 1 year (Preferred) Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Overview of job The Glitch is an agency of GroupM, the world’s largest media investment company and is a part of WPP. In fact, we are responsible for one in every three ads you see globally. We are currently looking for a Senior Group Head – Brand Strategy, to join us. In this role, you will be responsible for translating brands marketing objectives into strategies, designs, and plans. Our Associate Creative Director will give direction to the Brand Strategy team and help in developing rich content applicable across different digital media platforms. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated, resourceful and have impeccable design, content and leadership skills. At GroupM APAC, our people are our strength, which is why fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion is important to us. Reporting of the role This role reports to Associate Creative Director 3 best things about the job: Opportunity to creatively lead some of the best brands in the country Inclusive, collaborative & supportive work environment Endless learning with experienced professionals & young generation In this role, your goals will be: In three months: Understand the brand and category in depth Lead the digital and social mandates for brands - from everyday hygiene to big ticket campaigns In six months: Build a strong relationship with the client and be their trusted creative partner Build a formidable team that grows with you while delivering efficiently on their mandate Grow accounts that you are responsible for and independently lead new pitches and projects In 12 months: Be a creative leader in the organisation with cutting edge expertise in brand, category, content & technologies enabling marketing initiatives Proactively identify gaps within organisation and for brands and provide solutions for the same. What your day job looks like: Planning and executing creative strategies that answer to the marketing asks of brands Maintaining high level of creative output from daily hygiene to big campaigns Representing the team to the clients Managing internal teams and stakeholders across functions Bringing industry learnings to the table and help the organization evolve What you’ll bring: Exceptional written, verbal and visual communication skills Mass communications, Journalism or English Literature Graduate and proven proficiency in any relevant field 5 years of experience in digital media marketing 2 + years of experience in a leadership role in a creative agency is a must Strong leadership, project management and time management skills Strong business acumen, management, and problem solving skills Is a digital native – proficient in the use of social media for brands. About The Glitch The Glitch is India’s leading creative agency headquartered in Mumbai, with offices in Delhi & Bangalore. We help brands create a cultural impact and solve their business problems by marrying strategy with mind blowing creative’s Discover more about The Glitch at http://www.theglitch.in/ Follow @followtheglitch on Twitter Follow GroupM on LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/company/796114/ About India Digital media 1 in India continues to grow at 30% in 2017, cementing India’s position as the second largest internet market with close to 450 million users. The Internet growth is driven by mobile data and connectivity, making it an exciting market for all integrated marketing services, fueled by the collective market investment in data and technology. With a booming economy, both traditional and new age industries are witnessing a boost in consumption, making India a high potential 1 market. With renewed foreign investments across several industries, India is an exciting market for any 1 professional. GroupM APAC is committed to fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion. Our people are our strength so we respect and nurture their individual talent and potential."	1
"Job Description: Responsible for revenue generation through selling advertisement space on B2B websites and magazines to overseas companies. The candidates will be communicating and convincing the marketing heads and c-level executives situated abroad through e-mails, calls, etc. to post their advertisements and utilize our marketing services. Other Responsibilities: Plan and organize a result-oriented sales strategy for the assigned magazines or website. Make telephone calls to conduct business in SEA and Europe and any other region, if required. Drive full sales cycle, from prospecting for new business to closing the deal. Identify client needs, problems and review their business requirements in order to sell tailored solutions. Build sales pipeline in accordance with the defined sales targets. Provide revenue forecasts to Sales Manager on a timely basis. Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with current and prospective customers. Ability to hunt for customer interests, competitive activities, and demand for new products and services. Keep up-to-date with product applications, technical services, market conditions, 1 and promotional trends. Identify collaboration opportunities, form and manage industry partnerships. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: customer service: 1 year (Required) Sales: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required)"	1
"Job Summary Job Description: Responsible for revenue generation through selling advertisement space on B2B websites and magazines to overseas companies. The candidates will be communicating and convincing the marketing heads and c-level executives situated abroad through e-mails, calls, etc. to post their advertisements and utilize our marketing services. Other Responsibilities: Plan and organize a result-oriented sales strategy for the assigned magazines or website. Make telephone calls to conduct business in SEA and Europe and any other region, if required. Drive full sales cycle, from prospecting for new business to closing the deal. Identify client needs, problems and review their business requirements in order to sell tailored solutions. Build sales pipeline in accordance with the defined sales targets. Provide revenue forecasts to Sales Manager on a timely basis. Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with current and prospective customers. Ability to hunt for customer interests, competitive activities, and demand for new products and services. Keep up-to-date with product applications, technical services, market conditions, 1 and promotional trends. Identify collaboration opportunities, form and manage industry partnerships. International Process: Work Timings: 10 am - 7 pm, (Saturday half days and fixed weekly off on every Sunday.) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Sales: 1 year (Required) Customer Service: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: High school or equivalent (Required)"	1
"Greetings for the day !!! Hi everyone we are currently hiring for Sales and Marketing Executive. Duties and Responsibilities Handling Business leads generation websites like indiamart, google etc. Meeting new clients / prospects for new business opportunities. Understanding the clients requirements and developing artwork and quotation with the help of in-house graphic designers. Finalizing the artwork and quotation. Taking it for production and monitor until execution. Candidates having Experience in Signage and Graphic Industry are preferred. Basically we are looking out for a person who wants go longer with us and who can witness company growth being part of the company. Please Note : - Those who are looking job for short span of time then please excuse us. Best of luck !!! Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Marketing: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	1
"Job Summary Should have good communication skills with 2-5 years experience in creating digital marketing campaigns, including SEO, SMM, SMO and social media 1. Responsibilities and Duties Web SEO, SMO, SMM, B2B & B2C, PPC Campaigns, Google Analytic, Affiliate Marketing, Manage Team & Execute online digital marketing strategy for brands Familiar with on-page/off-page SEO, SEM, SMM Know how to increase website traffic with right keywords & content Familiar with Google Analytic, Webmaster, SEO tools Email Etiquette, Blogging & Absence, Digital Marketing, Online Marketing,Manage FB, LinkedIn & Twitter Accounts Identify and implement innovative SEO strategies. Think creativity to produce new ideas and design concepts. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Experience in Web SEO, SMO, SMM, B2B & B2C & PPC Campaigns Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Job Description Job Title: Senior Business Specialist - Consumables About Company: Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with revenues of more than $20 billion and approximately 70,000 employees globally. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We help our customers accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, deliver medicines to market and increase laboratory productivity. Through our premier brands – Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific and Unity Lab Services – we offer an unmatched combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and comprehensive services. About Team: Laboratory Solutions India (LSI) unites deep scientific expertise, a collaborative culture and rich resources to deliver lab chemicals, equipment and consumables that our customers need to achieve their scientific goals – quickly, reliably and safely. Laboratory Chemicals provides over 100,000 catalog products ranging from solvents, reagents, catalysts, organic building blocks, screening libraries, analytical standards, bioreagents, precious metals, salts and solutions Laboratory Equipment category includes equipment, accessories, and services for sample preparation, storage and protection, and analysis. Laboratory Consumables category includes sample preparation and storage, liquid handling, and specialty plastics and services. Our smart lab solutions make it faster and easier for our customers to focus on what matters most – delivering answers and innovations that save and improve lives. Role & Responsibilities Key Duties and Responsibilities: (A) Sales: Preparation of Sales Forecasts for Mumbai Execution of Sales targets and plan for the territory area Implementation of Sales Plans for the territory/area and achieve the sales revenue target Adherence to the Quarterly Rolling Sales Plan as communicated by the reporting manager (B) Account Receivables / Collections: Achieving the collection targets for the territory/area Follow up on EMD, Security deposits Achievement of targets as per the Collection Plans every month (C) Credit Control Policies: Adherence and implementation of Credit Control Policies (D) No Claim Certificate (NCC): Obtain the No Claim Certificate from all the Distributors and Rep quarterly and ensure that the reconciliation is done half yearly (E) Submission of Reports: Submission of all prescribed reports (Daily Sales Report, Monthly and Quarterly MIS, etc) and updation of data on Lead Portal and Opportunity Funnel (G) Market Intelligence Report (MIR): Preparation of the Market Intelligence Report based on product performance, feedback on quality and submission to the reporting manager (H) Market Expansion / New Markets: Identification of new Key Accounts, Distributors/Channel partners and Direct trade opportunities. Awareness regarding competitor’s activities in the market and information in terms of pricing, schemes, systems/procedures etc Follow up with Marketing team for organizing exhibitions, live demos etc. as per business requirements in the territory/area (I) Distribution / Channel Management: Handle the responsibility for Distributor Management and Direct selling including the accounts reconciliation. Compliance to the Credit Control Policies of the Company. Maintenance of a professional rapport and no commitments/communication on business issues to be done verbally. All communication to have a written approval from the Commercial Leader Establishment of an effective rapport with the Accounts team. Updation of the Distributor/Key accounts/Dealer accounts on an ongoing basis and compliance to all accounting policies (J) Marketing and 1: Follow the marketing and 1 strategies proposed by Marketing Head / . Planning in advance the schemes, which suit the local market, region, market segment (K) Other Operational Responsibilities: Establishing a working rapport with the service counterparts and ensuring proper after sales service in your territory/area Adherence to the company norms with regards to expenses guidelines by the Company. Adherence to company norms with regards to financial commitments to the trade Education / Qualification: Postgraduate in science (Biotechnology / Biochemistry/ Microbiology) Biology / Chemistry background with MBA in Marketing Graduate in Life Sciences with MBA / MMA / PG Experience Requirements: Track record of achievement in Sales, Marketing and Business Development roles At least 2- 5 years in the Consumables/ Life Sciences Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required for this role: Knowledge: In-depth knowledge of the life sciences / analytical industry Knowledge of laboratory Consumable business would be a distinct advantage Skills: Strong communication skills Good analytical skills Abilities: Teamwork Independent, quick decision making ability Strong evidence of ability to implement and execute plans At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 70,000 extraordinary minds have a unique story to tell. Apply today http://jobs.thermofisher.com . Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status."	1
"Roles and Responsibilities: Execute 1 and marketing activities and campaigns to establish and maintain brand presence in the market Develop marketing and 1 collaterals with 1 agencies Conduct competitive strategic analysis and consumer insight development Measure and report performance of all marketing campaigns Research and determine product weaknesses and areas to be modified Monitor customer reactions Work with internal teams and external agencies Skills/Experience: 3-4 years of proven working experience in brand marketing Excellent understanding of the full marketing mix Strong analytical skills partnered with a creative mind Good communication skills Up-to-date with the latest trends and marketing best practices Needs to have exposure to media planning, Digital marketing planning etc Job Type: Full-time Experience: Brand Marketing: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	1
"1. A person with up to 10 years of experience.2. Should have experience in Space Selling.3. Ability to get Clients for Launching of New Products thro our Vending Machines.4. Have the strong ability to convert the cold calls into prospects.5. Good communication skills, prepare good presentations on Power Point etc.6. Ability to sell the Branding Concept through Vending Machine concept to Clients / Customers and to convince them to pay for 1 space Charges as per the Companys Price List. 7. Ensure the Agreement is signed during confirmation of Orders as per Cos policy.8. Achieve monthly targets.9. Have the ability to maintain a good relation with all Clients / Customers.10. Ability to renegotiate the prices during renewal of contracts.11. Ability to collect Correct Market / Competitive information all the time.12. Sending Weekly , Monthly reports in time. 13. Should be a Responsible ,Hard working , Energetic and Honest person.(SELF STARTER )"	1
"Responsibilities: Own the ad tech stack of LOCO Implement & functionalise ad server, measurement tools & ad-product roadmap Integration/onboarding and analytics for Demand Partners. Strong negotiation & closures with demand partners. Collaborating with product, adops, engineering teams. Ensure end to end process to maximize indirect revenue Good understanding of online ad campaign metrics and analysis, including CPM, CPC, CPA, CPS 1 models. Knowledge and hands-on experience on platforms like PubMatic, Appnexus, Rubicon, Pulsepoint, Zedo, OpenX etc Knowledge of the latest trends associated with online marketing like Header bidding, PMP, RTB, Video, App and Native. Work with programmatic publisher account management. Work day-to-day to resolve Advertisers tech issues and requests. Ensure Demand partners receive the highest level of customer service and support. Yield management Monthly, Quarterly and Annual Review of Programmatic Demand Requirements: Minimum 6 years managing programmatic partnerships or working for a DSP, SSP, or Ad Exchange. Ad trafficking experience Strong working knowledge of DFP, Google Analytics, Excel, Knowledge of Photoshop, HTML, javascript, and CSS is preferred. Strong understanding of rich media and third-party ad servers (e.g. DCM/DFA, Sizmek,etc.) Strong understanding of network 1 systems such as DSPs, SSPs, ad exchanges, including but not limited to Pubmatic, Yieldbot, ADX, AdSense, and SpotXchange. Capable of high-level data analysis using Excel, Google Analytics, and earnings metrics Strong problem-solving and analytical skills Juggle multiple tasks, ability to prioritize responsibilities, and excellent time management Able to work independently Superior written and verbal communication skills; positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills"	1
"Our Marketing team is hiring for the position of eCommerce Manager – Amazon to drive growth for our brands on Amazon.IN & Amazon.COM. We are looking to recruit a candidate for a role that will require: End-to-End Channel Management of Amazon.IN & Amazon.COM Driving Growth, Managing Monthly Sales Targets, Planning and Execution of Promotional Campaigns Maintaining relationships with the Amazon team to drive overall brand growth and visibility Exploring new opportunities to deliver month-on-month and quarterly business Skills Required: Solid understanding of how the Amazon ecosystem operates including 1, reviews management & brand pages Negotiating margins, promotions and deals with overall experience in implementing the brand’s larger Amazon strategy Assessing and implementing sales opportunities to maximize ecommerce revenue and profitability Analytical skills to deep-dive in to sales data and extract valuable insights leading to actionable business strategies Education: Graduate/Post Graduate Work experience: 3-4 years (eCommerce/beauty industry experience preferred) This role reports to the Head of Marketing and is based at Marol, Mumbai. If this is you, send us your CV at careers@bisoucosmetics.in"	1
Assist in the preparation of 1 campaigns marketing collateral s and sales promotional materials Develop 1 strategies to meet business objectives Support in media planning and sponsorship management for 1 campaign Review and approve the distribution of promotional materials to improve the brand image Ensure that the advertisements follow all legal laws and company guidelines Review manage and approve journal ads on ad hoc basis Develop new prospects through cold calls and networking in order to increase sales and revenue Build strong working relationships with customers…	1
"Process cash disbursements complying with vendors’ payment terms Route requests to Agencies for vendor payments approval (including rush payments) Process third party Vendor, Intercompany, rush payments and Employee related Travel & Expense (T&E) payments File and archive original documents Identify ideas for process improvement utilizing industry leading practices Identify and help address customer needs and issues by answering questions Perform payment reconciliations with vendors Assist in internal and external audits Facilitate Agency Local Finance with period-end closing activities Required Graduates from Mumbai ,Navi Mumbai,Thane only Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹500,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required)"	1
" Should be able to manage outlet with experience of food handling  Oversee Staff, Shift scheduling etc.  Meet the sales Targets  Hygiene standards  Maintain Inventory  Maintain Sales Floor  Customer Service,Feedback,Complaints  Record Keeping  Overall care of staff and their well being  Presentation of store and 1 displays  Team Development, facilitating staff learning training, and development  Problem solving, handling unusual circumstances  Basic Computer applications in stores management POS etc.  Product management, Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	1
"Primary Function / Primary Goals / Objectives: To lead brand annual plans in line with the strategic objectives of the brand. Create and implement Marketing plans in line the brand plan thereby enabling achievement of business objectives and targets. Create product and 1 concepts and test them with consumers/ customers New product development- Handling the innovation funnel from idea to execution Continuously measure and plan to enhance brand’s equity and market share Major Responsibilities: Insight mining to get new product ideas with a strategic fit to our business Managing a cross functional team to deliver on new launch, promotion and renovation networks for the brand X Manage creative and media agencies to deliver creatives and media planning/deployment Brand audit and planning using various data resources, internal and external and alignment on the same with key stakeholders Manage the brand P & L with an efficient management of A & P and costs Ensures marketing activities comply with the relevant Acts, legal demands, ethical standards and Corporate Business and branding standards. Maintains close collaboration with sales team to support them in with local opportunities through micro- marketing"	1
"4+ years of experience in pre-sales, account management or digital marketing 2+ years of people management Excellent data driven storytelling skills – you create and deliver compelling presentations Analytical, data-driven approach to problem solving and a track record of driving results through continuous improvement and operations excellence programs Strong analytical abilities, excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong attention to detail, and good follow-through Sound judgment and flexibility in balancing program requirements, tight deadlines, and keeping people and projects moving on schedule MBA from Tier 1 B school ( IIM, ISB, FMS,SP Jain, XLRI) Amazon 1 is dedicated to driving measurable outcomes for brand advertisers, agencies and entrepreneurs. Our ad solutions- sponsored, display, video, and custom ads—leverage Amazon’s innovations and insights to find, attract, and engage intended audiences throughout their daily journeys. With a range of flexible pricing and buying models, including self-service, managed service, and programmatic ad buying, these solutions help businesses build brand awareness, increase product sales, and more. We start with the customer and work backwards in everything we do, including 1. If you’re interested in joining a rapidly growing team working to build a unique, world-class 1 group with a relentless focus on the customer, you’ve come to the right place. About role IN 1 is one of the fastest growing business worldwide, and we are looking for a program manager in the Brand Advertisement team. We are looking for a hands-on, creative, detail-oriented, analytical, and highly-motivated manager to lead an account management and ad operations team. Your team will work with the sales team and other Amazon business partners to manage media campaigns, provide insights, ensure strong campaign performance and deliver high return on investment for advertisers. You will leverage your experience and judgment to define organizational strategy, processes, and tools to maximize ROI and accelerate growth. You will drive execution of your strategy, ensuring that your team is consistently delivering measurable results in advertiser satisfaction, service quality and other operational quality metrics. You will have direct accountability for continuously improving customer satisfaction and efficiency of your team. As result, you will establish partnerships with the sales and product leaders to develop joint goals and strategies to improve our Advertiser solutions. Responsibilities: Develop and execute service strategies tailored to client needs, team development, and revenue objectives Strong project management skills to drive process improvements and develop consistency in the services offered by the team Hire and groom a highly engaged team. Obtain ongoing client and partner feedback to assess performance against organizational objectives Develop and implement processes and best practices to drive consistently strong ROI and ease of doing business and to scale for anticipated growth Engage with Amazon 1’s sales and product leadership teams to represent business results and advocate for customer needs Develop best practices and category playbooks to consult and educate advertisers with insights and solutions to achieve greater results on Amazon Become an expert on Amazon 1 product suite, tools, and campaign management workflow and how our broader Customer Success Team integrates Deliver regular and bespoke analyses and insights for some of the world’s largest advertisers to drive growth across advertiser KPIs and help them grow their businesses Travel to accounts as needed (Estimated 20-30%). The position is based out of Bangalore Prior experience with a leading digital publisher, consulting and/or consumer and market research organizations Experience in media planning and understanding of digital creative production, ad serving, cross-channel attribution, and media analytics Professional traits that are not unique to this position, but are necessary for Amazon leaders: Exhibits excellent judgment Hires and develops great people Has relentlessly high standards (is never satisfied with the status quo) Is able to dive deep and is never out of touch with the details of the business or the technology Expects and requires innovation of her/his team Has passion and convictions and the innate ability to inspire passion in others Has the vision and stamina to see long term changes through and drive change management in the ecosystem"	1
"Job Summary We at Cnergee Technologies Pvt. Ltd. have job opening for the position of Graphic designer & visualizer. _ _ The details are mentioned below: . About the Organization: Cnergee Technologies Pvt Ltd predominantly is into business of developing Software’s i.e. IT & ITES provider. Located in the heart of Navi Mumbai’s Central Business District has easy accessibility. Position- Graphic designer & visualizer Experience- 3-6 years Job Location- CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai Male candidates are preferred. ** Job description- Looking for strong Graphic Designer with Corporate Communications experience Ensure quality and adherence to graphic and branding standards. Conceptualize, design, develop and execute graphics in order to effectively execute campaign briefs, sales/marketing materials, print 1, social and digital media outreach. Responsible for the daily creation and updating of ongoing graphic needs. Execute social and digital media projects across all marketing channels Work with internal businesses to ensure projects are executed and delivered within tight deadlines. Manage internal events and develop social and digital media promotional programs including events, conferences to drive brand awareness. Work with vendors and printers for print media like posters, brochures etc Design work would be across a huge variety of products and activities, such as marketing collateral, websites, 1, posters, exhibitions and displays, infographics, corporate communications and corporate identity The work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of design trends, software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. Skills/Requirements: Have expertise in design software (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, CorelDraw etc). Should be able to design web pages, web banners, logos, mailers, and newsletters. Good knowledge in web designing would be an added advantage. Must be able to conceptualize and implement designs in accordance with the creative brief and client requirements. Think creatively and develop new design concepts, graphics, and layouts. Must be a team player We are looking for individuals who are creative, enthusiastic and flexible with their approach towards concepts and ideas. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio. Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas. ** Desired Candidate Profile Minimum two years experience in a related environment preferred. Demonstrated experience in graphic design. Proficient in MS Excel; MS Word; MS PowerPoint. MS Publisher and Photo Shop are a plus. Working knowledge of social media. Flexible schedule as needed to accommodate company events. Travel as necessary. Male candidate are preferable. Other Skills/Abilities Excellent verbal and written communication skills, organizational skills, and interpersonal skills. Ability to learn new concepts, organized, attentive to detail and ability to multitask. Work with minimal supervision, able to work with and through others to accomplish tasks. Ability to write summaries for promotions, events, and press releases Responsibilities and Duties Job description- Looking for strong Graphic Designer with Corporate Communications experience Ensure quality and adherence to graphic and branding standards. Conceptualize, design, develop and execute graphics in order to effectively execute campaign briefs, sales/marketing materials, print 1, social and digital media outreach. Responsible for the daily creation and updating of ongoing graphic needs. Execute social and digital media projects across all marketing channels Work with internal businesses to ensure projects are executed and delivered within tight deadlines. Manage internal events and develop social and digital media promotional programs including events, conferences to drive brand awareness. Work with vendors and printers for print media like posters, brochures etc Design work would be across a huge variety of products and activities, such as marketing collateral, websites, 1, posters, exhibitions and displays, infographics, corporate communications and corporate identity The work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of design trends, software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. Qualifications and Skills Skills/Requirements: Have expertise in design software (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, CorelDraw etc). Should be able to design web pages, web banners, logos, mailers, and newsletters. Good knowledge in web designing would be an added advantage. Must be able to conceptualize and implement designs in accordance with the creative brief and client requirements. Think creatively and develop new design concepts, graphics, and layouts. Must be a team player We are looking for individuals who are creative, enthusiastic and flexible with their approach towards concepts and ideas. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio. Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas. ** Desired Candidate Profile Minimum two years experience in a related environment preferred. Demonstrated experience in graphic design. Proficient in MS Excel; MS Word; MS PowerPoint. MS Publisher and Photo Shop are a plus. Working knowledge of social media. Flexible schedule as needed to accommodate company events. Travel as necessary. Male candidate are preferable. Other Skills/Abilities Excellent verbal and written communication skills, organizational skills, and interpersonal skills. Ability to learn new concepts, organized, attentive to detail and ability to multitask. Work with minimal supervision, able to work with and through others to accomplish tasks. Ability to write summaries for promotions, events, and press releases Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹55,000.00 /month Experience: CSS: 1 year (Preferred) web design: 1 year (Preferred) Photoshop: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Planning To play an important role in the development of the divisional Buying and Merchandising strategy and to ensure that this strategy is implemented on the department. Planning and Management To work with the merchandiser to ensure that relevant market risks and opportunities and trends are taken into account in the development of the departmental financial plans. To work with the merchandiser to ensure that changes in trading conditions are accurately reflected in the departmental projections, and to develop contingency plans that will ensure that the net margin plan can be achieved. Through pro-active trading to take balanced risks and opportunities that will maximise profitability and lead to net margin projections being exceeded. To ensure that the intake margin plan is achieved within the agreed price strategy. Development and Design Through a detailed and informed awareness of market and product trends to work with other buyers to develop and source products appropriate to the department. To ensure that a consistent, appropriate and unique product handwriting is maintained for each market segment. To develop product briefs for the supply base in line with the agreed trends. With the support of the team to source and develop ranges consistent with the product strategy that, through a balance of choice, value, quality, and desirability, continuously exceed the customers expectations. Planning To create structured ranges for each grade and type of stores that will give the best possible choice to the customer while delivering the required returns per square foot To ensure that the true potential sales of each option is planned and that any risk attached to achieving this potential is offset through managed buying. Management To develop genuine and sustainable partnerships with department’s chosen suppliers. To source and develop new suppliers in line with the company strategy. Together with the merchandiser to negotiate with the supplier to obtain the best possible price at the highest quality. Together with the merchandiser to ensure the supplier performs to agreed company standards, imposing penalties where appropriate. Together with Merchandising to conduct the annual review of supplier performance. Together with the merchandiser to provide clear leadership and motivation to other members of the team. To ensure that the skills of all direct reports are fully developed through a balance of training and coaching, and to manage individual performance so that full potential can be realised. Together with the merchandiser to be responsible for the clear communication of all company objectives to the members of the team and to ensure that their concerns are promptly communicated to the Head B&M. To ensure that the agreed personal development plans is achieved. To develop planograms that will enable the operations team to retail the product to its best advantage. To regularly update the operations teams on key product benefits and to provide input into all product information communication. To support marketing with appropriate product for all 1 and PR. To work with marketing and design to develop visual merchandising promotions in line with theme and product launches. To seek out and consider the interests of both internal and external customers at all times and, together with the merchandiser, to act as the primary point of contact should any issues relating to the department arise. To initiate and develop improvements in buying processes and best practices. To manage budgeted department expenditure within agreed levels. General Integration with internal customers (Retail, Store planning, Visual Merchandisers) and external customers (consumer). Regularly track the Market, Competition’s activities and consumer’s needs and buying pattern. To impart Product Knowledge on a regular basis. Reporting relationships: Reports to the Head B&M, the assistant and deputy buyer reports in to this position. Technical skills: Analytical skills, numerical reasoning, effective presentation skills, sound financial perspective."	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities Minimum qualifications - 4-year Computer Science degree or comparable experience, and 2 years professional experience with 1 year experience in AEM. Responsibilities `- Develop user interfaces to internet/intranet applications using java, J2EE, Java frameworks. Troubleshooting development and production issues across multiple environments. Ability to build unit test scripts and maintain the code quality by adapting the standards using SONAR Support users by developing software and code documentation and assistance tools Technical Skills Strong in AEM, Core Java, JSP, J2EE Worked on any of the Java frameworks like Spring, Struts Worked on any ORM framework like Hibernate Working with Adobe Marketing Cloud tools including Experience Manager and Scene 7. Hands on experience with designing and building AEM components and working with JCR, AEM workflows. Knowledge of using AEM in a cloud environment like Adobe Cloud, AWS, or other. About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-N1-Bangalore, India Work Locations: N1-Bangalore, India Bengaluru 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 4, 2019, 12:41:05 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AC"	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities Hands-on experience with the complete patch management lifecycle including testing, deploying, troubleshooting missing patches and patch issues, etc. utilizing the change management process and patch management and automation tools necessary to ensure compliance and successful audits. Own the Windows patching program and report appropriate metrics to the leadership team Own & be responsible for the vulnerability mitigation. Document and update Manual Operating Procedures (MOPs). Automation of day to day jobs using scripting languages like PowerShell, VB, Batch and Windows WMI. Knowledge of ITIL best practices Excellent verbal and written communications skills Experience in a multiplatform OS environment (Windows 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016…) Have excellent knowledge Microsoft PowerShell, Microsoft Batch Files, Microsoft Active Directory Domain Service, Domains & Trusts, Sites & Services, Active Directory DNS, and BIND DNS. Willingness to work in 24/7 environment with rotational shifts. Requires a minimum of 3 to 5 years of relevant experience with an Associates or Bachelor’s Degree. About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 Work Locations: P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: May 6, 2019, 2:03:35 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AC"	1
"Job Summary We are 25 years old reputed 1 Agency with complete setup to meet clients need. Our services vary in Print Media, Online 1, Website Development, Outdoor 1 & Events. He/She will be fully responsible for managing website of several clients, right from development to modification. He/She will be creating various websites. He/She should working as a team member & execute the job independently. Need to work responsibly & complete the task within stipulated deadlines. Responsibilities and Duties He/She will be fully responsible for managing website of several clients, right from development to modification. He/She will be creating an Dynamic website. He/She should work as a team member & execute the jobs. Need to work responsibly & complete the task within stipulated deadlines. Qualifications and Skills Candidate should have Knowledge of WordPress, HTML5 with CSS, Jscript, jQuery, PHP, Bootstrap, Photoshop. He/she should be able to design & develop website independently. He/she should have the knowledge of current trends. No salary constraint for right candidate. Benefits Rs.17,000 PM + Deposit Bonus + Leave Bonus + Diwali Bonus + Guaranteed increment post 6 months Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹17,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required)"	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities Conduct periodic testing to ensure adherence to compliance requirements (e.g. PCI, HIPAA, ISO27001, SSAE 18, etc.), internal policies and procedures. Assists with the development and maintenance of compliance test plans and methodologies. Assists in preparing reports to present to management. Meets with the operational areas to communicate test findings. Performs miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. Understands and respects chain of command in a professional work environment Strong communication and customer interaction skills. Good organizational and project management skill Ensure compliance issues are correctly identified, evaluated, investigated and resolved. Align with business areas to identify, review and communicate key controls for mitigating risk. Develop and review compliance deliverables. Provide consultative services to business areas on the appropriate controls needed to ensure ongoing regulatory compliance. Research the implementation of required procedure changes. Work with business areas to resolve regulatory compliance items. Strong experience and detailed understanding of technology, regulations, and information security or compliance management best practice, processes or methods. Understanding of technology used for compliance controls in the IT domain. Ability to identify the implications of Information Security and Compliance to the current and future environment. Ability to evaluate and recommend preventative and corrective controls to mitigate risk to the organization. Demonstrates knowledge by performing IT Risk & Security assessments. Technical aptitude, with the ability to effectively communicate with a working knowledge of all areas of IT controls. Support and manage the risk acceptance process. Requires a minimum of 2-4 years of related experience. Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree required. An experienced professional with a wide understanding or area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. This role requires seeking active certification in any of CISSP, CRISC, CISA, or other relevant information security, compliance or audit certifications. Works on significant and unique issues where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangibles. Exercises strong judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise. May creates informal networks involving coordination among groups. Acts independently on everyday work. May receive detailed instructions on some work. May receive detailed instructions on some project. About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 Work Locations: P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 560045 Job: Information Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 3, 2019, 5:05:14 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AD"	1
"Minimum qualifications - 4-year Computer Science degree or comparable experience, and 4+ years professional experience Responsibilities – A minimum 8+ years as a project manager with at least 2+ in a technical project management role Experience in development of web applications as developer and lead prior to project management role Understanding of WCM domain ( AEM/Sitecore ) preferable Good communication and team management skills Good practical knowledge of Project Management processes and best practices ( both Waterfall and Agile ) Experience on the project status report to all the stake holder About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-N1-Bangalore, India Work Locations: N1-Bangalore, India Bengaluru 560045 Job: Project Management Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 9, 2019, 3:14:11 PM Division: Epsilon India RI: AC"	1
"Planning To play an important role in the development of the divisional Buying and Merchandising strategy and to ensure that this strategy is implemented on the department. Planning and Management To work with the merchandiser to ensure that relevant market risks and opportunities and trends are taken into account in the development of the departmental financial plans. To work with the merchandiser to ensure that changes in trading conditions are accurately reflected in the departmental projections, and to develop contingency plans that will ensure that the net margin plan can be achieved. Through pro-active trading to take balanced risks and opportunities that will maximise profitability and lead to net margin projections being exceeded. To ensure that the intake margin plan is achieved within the agreed price strategy. Development and Design Through a detailed and informed awareness of market and product trends to work with other buyers to develop and source products appropriate to the department. To ensure that a consistent, appropriate and unique product handwriting is maintained for each market segment. To develop product briefs for the supply base in line with the agreed trends. With the support of the team to source and develop ranges consistent with the product strategy that, through a balance of choice, value, quality, and desirability, continuously exceed the customers expectations. Planning To create structured ranges for each grade and type of stores that will give the best possible choice to the customer while delivering the required returns per square foot To ensure that the true potential sales of each option is planned and that any risk attached to achieving this potential is offset through managed buying. Management To develop genuine and sustainable partnerships with department’s chosen suppliers. To source and develop new suppliers in line with the company strategy. Together with the merchandiser to negotiate with the supplier to obtain the best possible price at the highest quality. Together with the merchandiser to ensure the supplier performs to agreed company standards, imposing penalties where appropriate. Together with Merchandising to conduct the annual review of supplier performance. Together with the merchandiser to provide clear leadership and motivation to other members of the team. To ensure that the skills of all direct reports are fully developed through a balance of training and coaching, and to manage individual performance so that full potential can be realised. Together with the merchandiser to be responsible for the clear communication of all company objectives to the members of the team and to ensure that their concerns are promptly communicated to the Head B&M. To ensure that the agreed personal development plans is achieved. To develop planograms that will enable the operations team to retail the product to its best advantage. To regularly update the operations teams on key product benefits and to provide input into all product information communication. To support marketing with appropriate product for all 1 and PR. To work with marketing and design to develop visual merchandising promotions in line with theme and product launches. To seek out and consider the interests of both internal and external customers at all times and, together with the merchandiser, to act as the primary point of contact should any issues relating to the department arise. To initiate and develop improvements in buying processes and best practices. To manage budgeted department expenditure within agreed levels. General Integration with internal customers (Retail, Store planning, Visual Merchandisers) and external customers (consumer). Regularly track the Market, Competition’s activities and consumer’s needs and buying pattern. To impart Product Knowledge on a regular basis. Reporting relationships: Reports to the Head B&M, the assistant and deputy buyer reports in to this position. Technical skills: Analytical skills, numerical reasoning, effective presentation skills, sound financial perspective."	1
"Job Summary We are looking for executives with marketing skills and who can handle responsibilities related to internet marketing, branding, SEO, social media marketing, and content writing. We expect Efficiency in the appropriate usage of the apposite words Eagerness to learn and grow in the digital marketing industry Excellent verbal and written fluency in English Responsibilities and Duties The ideal one Digital marketing professional with relevant education Keen insight into what Branding means for a wide range of software products Mastery over social media marketing for creating a buzz Awareness of on-page and off-page SEO for our websites Expertise in email marketingPlan and send email campaigns, measure effectiveness and other metrics Creativity to write SEO articles on product web pages to drive organic traffic. Industry: IT-Software / Software Services Functional Area: Marketing , 1 , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category: Online/Digital Marketing Role: Search Engine Marketing/SEM Specialist Interested Candidate can call us on 8983401277 Minimum 1 year experience is must Client Communication Must Job Type: Full-time Experience: SEO: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Employer: iSOCRATES MAdTech Private Limited Reports to: VP, Global Delivery Location: Mysuru, Karnataka, India Introducing iSOCRATES iSOCRATES (www.iSOCRATES.com) (f/k/a MRP Advisers) is the leading end-to-end provider of Programmatic Resource Planning and Execution serving publishers, marketers, agencies and their suppliers. iSOCRATES has three lines of business: Strategic and Operations Consulting, Managed Service Platforms and Business Process Outsourcing. The company is owned by its employees and is headquartered in Saint Petersburg, Florida, U.S.A. with its global delivery centre in Mysuru, Karnataka, India. iSOCRATES is staffed 24/7/365 with proven specialists who save clients’ money and time achieving transparent, accountable performance while delivering extraordinary value. Savings stems from a low-cost, focused global delivery model at scale that benefits from continuous re-investment in technology and specialized training. Job Description iSOCRATES is looking for the creative director guides all projects and is responsible for the overall quality of work produced by the creative department. Manage the creative process from concept to completion Translate marketing objectives into clear creative strategies Work closely with multidisciplinary project teams, particularly AdOps and Email Marketing Lead and direct the creative team in the production of all marketing collateral Ensure visual communication and brand standards are met Oversee client pitches and proposals Oversee profitability, deliverables, timelines and budgets Meet with clients or upper management to explain campaign strategies and solutions Review work, troubleshoot and provide feedback to creative teams Remain actively involved in hiring and training creative staff Manage and cultivate the career development of staff members, including designers, art directors, copywriters, photographers and web developers Develop concepts for 1 or promotional campaigns Pitch ideas to clients if working for an agency or present to directors if working in-house Negotiate with clients to amend ideas in line with their wishes and explain what is and is not possible Keep clients abreast of progress and answer their questions Storyboard or translate ideas to the creative team of art directors and designers Lead multiple projects from conception to completion in accordance with deadlines Evaluate and, if necessary alter, the content of projects before completion Hire, develop and manage the creative team Sign off projects before they are presented to the client Requirements Proven experience as a creative director or in a similar creative role Hand-on experience in creative process, marketing, graphic design and brand development Excellent working knowledge of software such as Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign etc Outstanding leadership and organization skills Exemplary interpersonal and analytical abilities A Solid understanding of design, copy and web practices Brilliant interpersonal skills and communication skills Have an in depth knowledge of brand development and multichannel marketing models Must be a creative and strategic thinker Key skills BSc/BA in 1, fine art, design or relevant field; MSc/MA will be considered an asset 10-15 years of managing and directing design work/team If you are interested and your profile matches the requirements mentioned, please send your profile to careers@isocrates.com. For more information visit our website https://isocrates.com"	1
"Job Summary COMPANY - ITM PVTLTD www.patrons.co.in WORK TIME – 10 am to 5 pm (Immediate Starters Apply) Contact for 8280790167- 9669909229 (No charges) Associate will work with us in all the management roles including HR, finance, , 1, team management, and administration, for future senior management positions within the company. Responsibilities and Duties 1) Training and Developing team members to develop a high performance culture. 2) Expanding Business across country, and globally 3) Enhancing leadership by using effective communication & coaching of team members. 4) Expanding Business & mapping of new market segments in new territories across India. 5) Customer Acquisition & Promotion: Acting as a point of contact on behalf of the client for promotion & brand development. 7) We will provide you an opportunity of business exposure to National / International Travel for training & Business Development. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 1) Skills: Good communicator & Rapport builder, Good leadership qualities Qualification criteria: 10th,+2,+3,iti,diploma and b-tech Good team player & ready to start immediately. Experience of 0-6 month, immediate starters required,Freshers. Age-19-start yr Benefits Exciting work culture Young Environment Certification at every level Soft skill Travel Opportunities Job Types: Full-time, Fresher, Walk-In Salary: ₹200,000.00 to ₹500,000.00 /year Apply Now Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Experience: Microsoft Office: 1 year (Preferred) office: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"1. Getting new advertisements for the company 2. Approaching different restaurants, car dealers, shop owners and many more companies to put up ads on our website 3. Must have a laptop and a smart phone 4. Target based job Functional Area: , 1, MR, PR, Media Planning Role Category: 1 Agent Role: Business Development Sales Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹80,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"SAM FSI Looking for the next step in your career? Enjoy a challenge? Do you have an ambition for innovation? Want to make a difference? If you join our growing global team, you’ll be working for an industry leader with offices across five continents, in over 47 countries and more than 28 000 employees. You will work with some of the leading world brands across the Fortune 100 and Fortune 500 companies – who are all relying on Dimension Data to help them use the power of technology to achieve their ambition in this digital era.You’ll be part of a team who’s passionate about making a difference to the way technology shapes how we live and work – whether it’s protecting the rhino, connecting the G20 Summit, or revolutionising cycling, giving you the opportunity to do great things. You’ll be joining a Global Top Employer, recognised for investing in talent because people are at the heart of our success. You provide the skills, passion and ideas, and we’ll provide the platform to realise your ambitions.Great talent. Great teams. Great work. Great opportunities. Want to be part of our team? The primary responsibility of the Client Manager is to take full ownership of his/her assigned accounts. Their key focus is to manage and grow relationships to drive land, expansion and renewals across all solutions within assigned accounts. They are required to pursue leads identified by aligned lead generation representatives. What you'll be doing Primary Segment Focus Existing clients New clients Secondary Segment Focus New Sales Process Involvement Land, Expand & Renew Solution Focus Networking, Data Centres, CX & WP, Security, Digital Sales time allocation Pre-sales: 30% Engaged selling time: 25% Sales completion: 30% Sales facilitation: 15% Client Load Existing clients: 5-10 Prospect clients: 10-20 Sales strategy Existing buyers: Retention (current products) and Penetration (new/different products) New buyers: Conversion (current and new/different products) Stakeholder Engagement Internal : Pre-sales, Sales Specialists, Renewals Reps and other internal resources External : Clients, Vendors Value Chain Linkage TBC Skills and Attributes Sales Pursuit Effectively identifies and qualifies prospects with little support. Proactively searches for new prospects by conducting market research. Will call on all types of prospects and has established service strong relationships with stakeholders. Identifies clients and buyers with problem the majority of DD solutions can solve. Understands the conditions where client are open or ready to solve the problem with you and actively creates needs into DD opportunities to meet pipeline targets in SFDC. Proactively orders opportunities and balances reactive issues as necessary. Regularly updates and prioritises opportunities for all accounts throughout the year and appropriately allocates sales time between clients and opportunities. Highlights sales process plan risk areas throughout the entire sales process for ongoing monitoring during execution. Works with DD resources to help execute and advance the sales process. Understands the concept of a solution and crafts an ROI-impactful solution with help; Able to co-create solutions with IT buyers. Creates solutions across multiple (2 to 3) solutions where appropriate to design complete solutions that solve stated client problems. Prepares and runs negotiating meetings to achieve an objective. Maintains a neutral distance from conflicts that arise during negotiations. Independently negotiates opportunities and creates proposals that exceed client’s expectations. Can present solutions and close deals with little internal DD help. Understands right time to close by identifying buying signals. Identifies areas for improvement in closing deals. Proactively pursues training and development. Understands and states expectations of all the roles involved in the opportunity and how they work together in the sales process. Holds internal planning sessions before each client visit. Client management Creates near term (<3 months) plan and executes against strategy. Adapts to challenges and anticipates issues in order to achieve and exceed plans. Understands relevant stakeholders’ relationships to other potential buyers within the client’s organization. Regularly creates and updates client influence maps for all IT and LoB buyers and plans for potential future opportunities for each individual buyer. Regularly updates and prioritises clients throughout the year and appropriately allocates sales time between them. Prioritise client efforts using data analysis based on multiple criteria. Segments clients into sales strategies defined by land, adopt, expand and renew potential. Proactively identifies client and internal issues. Collects information and suggests potential solutions for LoB buyers. Builds strong business relationships with clients to understand business needs, business environment and challenges. Can show strong relationships with 1-2 LoB buyers at each stage. Proactively follows up on majority of client list to ensure satisfaction. Monitors customer problem resolution with the extended team and other appropriate DD personnel to remove revenue risks and ensure customer satisfaction. Highlights plan risk areas for ongoing monitoring during execution. Works with team members who have low performance to create a documented plan with action items and timelines to successfully turn around performance. Solution knowledge Identifies needs and shows basic DD technology/solution value propositions meeting those needs in later meetings or after research. Immediately brings in relevant specialists to help communicate more complex solution-specific value propositions to clients. Demonstrates basic understanding of DD technology/solution products and can say how they compare to generic competitive advantage. Shows intermediate understanding of changes in the technology industry through conversations with clients and DD teams. Understands sources of information on technology trends and can identify which information to bring back to a client. Can discuss technical and support services offerings across a single solution and brings in relevant services specialists whenever the client meets threshold for manages services help. Matches a solution to a DD story / use case for the majority (3-4) of solutions. Brings in other DD internal resources for expertise in other solutions. Resource optimization Increases internal network to include strong relationships with other DD teams and some other internal business functions (accounting, marketing, sales leadership, etc). Can differentiate between the characteristics of effective and dysfunctional teams. Identifies when team is not working well and creates a documented plan with clear items to steer the team back in the right direction. Has strong working relationships with partners to provide support of clients. Understands how to identify the correct partners and how to use partner resources to increase DD sales volume through vendors. Business acumen Understands the financial statements and can show the impact of sales results to IT buyers. Brings in help from managers and peers to communicate insights. Understands and works toward most critical success factors for a healthy pipeline (e.g. win rate, client buying process). Holds at least bi-weekly opportunity pipeline review meetings with his/her manager. Proactively builds and executes gap plans if pipeline predicts low sales target achievement. Can successfully identify commercial architecture opportunities. Can independently create high-level commercial architecture models. Relies on help from other internal DD roles only for very complex solutions. Has a basic understanding of the legal aspects of contracting and can create a basic contract for non-complex managed services solutions. Relies heavily on legal help and advice. Work Outputs Take ownership of clients The Client Manager takes ownership of a range of accounts within the assigned segments. This is done by passionately advocating the client requirement, whilst keeping sight of the need to increase revenue and improve margins for Dimension Data. Ideally, Client Managers are vertically structured and their portfolio of accounts are in one or adjacent verticals. The Client Manager is able to determine the best solution requirements for each client that can be deployed by other departments, Develop account strategy These employees use their engagement skills to establish their account strategy with key stakeholders (focus of power, focus of receptivity, focus of dissatisfaction) in the specific account. They build enduring relationships and display an understanding of the client industry, business environment and strategy to identify current and future opportunities for Dimension Data. Ensure client satisfaction They drive passionately for client satisfaction throughout the entire lifecycle of the clients’ buying process, by taking ownership for the commercial agreement for each client. They aim to achieve revenue and margin targets and exploit opportunities, whilst displaying notable client service orientation. The Client Manager is required to establish a strong business relationship by becoming a reliable point of contact. Generate demand from clients They are able to generate demand by assisting clients to identify current needs (turning clients’ implied needs into explicit needs), and then effectively articulate how Dimension Data can add value through the available services and solutions. They leverage their relationship skills and knowledge of the client environment to assist and influence the client at every stage of the buying cycle, and to position Dimension Data favourably compared to competitors. They have the ability to influence and work closely with vendors, partners and internal employees to achieve the required results. Develop and grow profitability The Client Manager approaches the management of his/her account in a systematic way by identifying and defining the strategy they will use to develop and grow the account profitably. Effective use of sales tools and methodologies They use Dimension Data’s sales tools (e.g. Salesforce.com) and methodology to effectively manage their accounts, opportunities, pipelines and forecast. As a result, they are able to pursue and select specific deals that will have a profitable result for Dimension Data. Ensure governance Client Managers develop and/or align governance and compliance policies in own practice area to identify and manage risk exposure liability. They assess, surface and mitigate buyer centric risks that could prove detrimental to the buyer’s credibility or could derail an initiative altogether. Ensure financial compliance These individuals monitor and control financial governance and compliance throughout an area of specialisation in order to manage financial cost. Client Managers identify who in Dimension Data holds budget authority and actively pursue opportunities to obtain access to the budget. They aim to achieve revenue and margin targets by maximising sales opportunities through connecting client needs with Dimension Data offerings and solutions. Next career steps Key Client Manager Senior Sales Specialist Education Required General Qualification in Sales (Degree / Advance Diploma) Certifications Required Relevant Vendor Certification Work Experience Required 4-6 years’ work experience At least 4 years work experience in a Sales environment and or customer service role. Proven ability to use Saleforce.com contact platform Must demonstrate the ability to meet deadlines At least 1 years’ experience in a management position Experience in marketing or advertising (advantageous) What would make you a good fit for this role? Join our growing global team and accelerate your career with Dimension Data. Apply today. Diversity in Dimension Data Dimension Data is an equal opportunity employer with a global culture that embraces diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be unfairly discriminated against on any arbitrary ground including race, colour, sex, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, or other protected category."	1
"Job requires good communication skills and knowledge of 1 in print and online media. To handle client requirements in 1 and also canvass for advertisements and print orders in Bangalore. Minimum Qualification +2 or Bachelors in Mass Media and Communications or BBM or experience of minimum 1 year in 1 industry. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Making high quality and original marketing, 1 and investor awareness creatives within given timelines- Brand building through logos/ themes/ messaging Corporate/Product advertisements, mailers and brochures Annual Report, Diary and Calendar Concept and Design Events creatives- From concept to execution, including event theme, backdrop, plaques, certificates, agenda, posters, mailers, teasers, ads, giveaways, etc. Helping develop Educative, Corporate and Product videos Social media/ Web creatives Campaign teasers Presentation templates Internal mailers and creatives for internal branding Creatives for Investor Awareness campaigns Creatives for festival greetings Experience as a Illustator / Copywriter and Designer is a must. Making weekly Monk Cartoon with theme ideation. Participating in periodical reviews with the Marketing team to analyse performance Preparing and acting upon detailed plan for implementation of marketing strategy and achieving targets."	1
"Job Title/Designation: Creative Design - Lead / Supervisor / Mentor Job Description: AffinityX is looking for an experienced Creative Lead/ Supervisor / Mentor to provide our design team with guidance and ideas to create new impressive designs. You will devise the concepts and ideas for a particular venture and will monitor its progress. You will be able to implement your creative vision and become the point of reference for our design team. The goal is to achieve the best possible outcome of our projects both visually and essentially to meet customer expectations in terms of creative design quality. Delivering high-quality artworks for the clients based in US, UK, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Responsibilities: Conceive and implement concepts, guidelines and strategies within the projects and oversee them to completion. Produce sketches, storyboards, roughs to visualize ideas. Collaborate with the production team supervisors to obtain knowledge of the clients requirements. Direct and motivate teams of graphic and logo designer to help them use their talents effectively. Lead brainstorming/creative sessions to generate ideas based on the client creative briefs or directions. Revise design concepts, approve/reject ideas, and provide feedback to the team. Train and guide subordinates into accomplished professionals. Monitor results of team members and propose actions for future improvement. Stay on top of all trends and maintain best practices Take work from concept to final execution within deadlines Manage and delegate responsibilities to other designers and provide directions Key Requirements: BFA/GD Art/ B .Design in 1, fine art, Design or relevant field. Must have minimum 2+ years of experience in a similar role. Good English comprehension skills to interpret client direction and expectations. Hands on experience with logo design, typography, colour, web layout design, print production, image selection. Proven experience as a Creative Supervisor/Mentor or in a similar creative role. Hand-on experience in the creative process, graphic design, and brand development. Excellent working knowledge of software such as Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc. Outstanding creative leadership qualities to upscale the designers talent and creative efficiency. Ability to manage a group of team members independently. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Incorporate feedback and take/give direction well Team player with strong communication and presentation skills Open to work in rotational and night shifts as per operational requirements. Experience: 3 to 6 years Education: UG Qualification: B.Sc (Any Specialization), B.Tech/B.E. (Any Specialization), Diploma (Graphic/ Web Designing) PG Qualification: Any PG Qualification PPG Qualification: PPG Not Compulsory Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred)"	1
"Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 10 years of experience in business development, enterprise sales or strategic partnership development. Ability to speak and write in English fluently and idiomatically. Preferred qualifications: MBA degree. Experience in E-commerce or Payments, and/or Financial Services. Experience analyzing and structuring complex deals with a proven track record of execution. Ability to interpret legal documents and drive work with attorneys on drafting specific contract language. Excellent partnerships and communication skills illustrating the ability to quickly get things done across both technical and business domains. About the job As a Strategic Partner Development Manager, you'll open doors with potential partners, lead exploratory discussions and evaluate/develop business opportunities. You will lead cross-functional teams, provide thought leadership and serve as a mentor to managers and associates. You are comfortable escalating and presenting business development strategies and key issues to senior management. You'll work closely with Google Product, Engineering, Legal and Sales teams on new product initiatives and key strategic relationships that support our online 1 business. Google Pay allows people to instantly send money to a contact, pay their bills, recharge their mobile balance, or make a purchase at the corner store. Google Pay is all about making money simple for everyone with more convenient shopping experiences at stores and online, as well as access to financial services like loans or repayment plans. Google is passionate about organizing the world’s information and making it universally accessible and useful. As more Internet users come online around the world, we aim to address the needs of people in developing countries, including India, Indonesia and the Philippines. The needs and computing paradigm of these users are uniquely differentiated and we look forward to providing them with the best products and services to suit their growing digital lives. As part of this effort, you will work closely with engineering teams around the world to build great products and features. Responsibilities Build relationships with potential partners, manage complex partnerships to achieve business goals. Increase places to pay in the offline merchants space with direct engagements, design and execute interventions to reach out to potential partners scalably. Understand partner business objectives and work with cross-functional teams to deliver maximum impact for the partner and Google Pay. Work closely with Product, Engineering, Marketing and Legal teams on new initiatives and key strategic relationships. At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form."	1
"Job Summary The goal of the Digital Marketing Manager is to drive inbound leads for the company by leveraging your knowledge to brand management through SEO, SEM, and email marketing. The ideal candidate for this role has new ideas and perspectives to bring to the table, and also has the technical ability and know-how to execute those ideas. Job Description Develop and execute an SEO strategy, working with the website manager and content writers to incorporate SEO best practices. Manage AdWords and other digital 1 campaigns Design and execute email marketing campaigns Build and maintain KPI to measure the effectiveness of efforts Partner with our video and writing teams on digital content developme Responsibilities and Duties Our Ideal Candidate: Proven expertise in writing content Needs to own the lead generation goals Should have technical know-how of tools for both inbound and outbound Able to research industry-specific groups and channels to post necessary content English expertise is a must Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Bachelor’s degree in marketing or a similar field 1-2 years of digital marketing experience, preferably in a B2B technology organization or agency Expertise in SEO, including keyword research, ranking factors, backlinks, etc. Significant experience with AdWords and digital 1 strategies Experience running marketing automation platforms; Digital marketing campaign planning and management experience Ability to manage multiple tasks with little to moderate direction Track record of delivering quality work on time. Benefits Fast career growth to leadership position for proven candidate Free Parking Work-Life Balance Opportunity to advance career within sales or other areas in company Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹100,000.00 to ₹170,000.00 /year Experience: Digital Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred)"	1
"We are into competitive exam coaching for the past 8 years. We have been to cater to the needs of customer at short time with most customer satisfaction . As a part of our expansion, we are hiring Executives for Marketing Implements marketing and 1 campaigns by assembling and analyzing sales forecasts; preparing marketing and 1 strategies, plans, and objectives; planning and organizing promotional presentations; updating calendars. Tracks product line sales and costs by analyzing and entering sales, expense, and new business data. Prepares marketing reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing sales data. Keeps promotional materials ready by coordinating requirements with graphics department; inventorying stock; placing orders; verifying receipt. Traffic all advertisements to appropriate publications and online venues. Supports sales staff by providing sales data, market trends, forecasts, account analyses, new product information; relaying customer services requests. Researches competitive products by identifying and evaluating product characteristics, market share, pricing, and 1; maintaining research databases. Plans meetings and trade shows by identifying, assembling, and coordinating requirements; establishing contacts; developing schedules and assignments; coordinating mailing lists. Monitors budgets by comparing and analyzing actual results with plans and forecasts. Assist with incoming inquiries including: writing responses, compiling attachments and managing timelines. Excellent verbal communication skills Direct Marketing, Market Segmentation, Marketing Research, Coordination, Project Management, Reporting Research Results, Understanding the Customer, Process Improvement, Initiative, Planning, Financial Skills Strong creativity and marketing skills. Ability to generate multiple and varied ideas. Bachelor’s Degree in Business,Communications,Marketing,or other related field,and 2 to 4 years years related experience Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹6,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month"	1
"Description Summary Leadership of projects at Epsilon requires a solid grounding in digital marketing acumen, a passion for working with cross functional teams, and the ability to lead complex projects. You will be in a prominent role where you will lead the project lifecycle and deliver for top tier clients such as Cisco, Google, eBay, Dell, Adidas, Office Depot, American Express, and others. The project management group at Epsilon is ultimately responsible for professionally producing data lead projects with a focus on balancing quality, cost and schedule in order to exceed client expectations. As a digital project manager, you'll be responsible for effectively managing projects though use of appropriate resources and processes running with them all the way from discovery, functional requirement definition, creative & technical development, and implementation. Develops production schedules for creative & technical projects that balance internal/client needs; consults all team members for approvals on schedule and revises them when necessary. We are looking for an enthusiastic and capable problem solver who is very detail-oriented and has the ability to multi-task, meet deadlines and quickly process information. Everything moves at the speed of light, so quick, analytical thinking is essential. It’s vital you value the details even as you work to make the big picture a reality. Expect to keep a grip on several projects at any given time, staying on top of scope, schedules, budgets, assets, and overall project organization to ensure requirements and deliverables dates are clearly communicated, understood and executed upon. Time spent in an agency environment, working on both project management and online 1 best practices, is a plus for this role. Responsibilities Is pro-active in managing all the details throughout the project, to ensure that all action items are accomplished on a timely and accurate basis Prioritizes work so not only the most urgent work is completed, but also the most important Is an articulate and active participant in internal meetings; can deliver instructions in a clear and concise manner, providing proper materials and documentation when necessary Maintains a clear and reasonable vision of ""next steps"" and the ""big picture"" during meetings, conversations or whenever the parameters of a project change Adapting to scope creep and change requests. Supports team on scope, schedule and budget issues Submit staffing plans/updates on a weekly basis Oversee Quality Assurance management Hold weekly project meetings and author weekly production status reports Experience 4 year degree 3-5 years managing creative & technical teams developing interactive/digital projects Basic knowledge of project development lifecycle methodologies, and quality assurance processes. Some understanding of popular web technologies Can deliver instructions in a clear and concise manner, providing proper materials and documentation when necessary Can lead an effective and efficient discussion, ensuring discussions stays on track and lead to a solution, decision, and/or next steps Some familiarity with MS Project, Visio, Excel & Powerpoint Excellent team and people management skills Can think clearly and diplomatically when participating in a discussion to field complex or sensitive questions from internal groups Qualifications Conditions of Employment All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting. About Epsilon Epsilon is the global leader in creating connections between people and brands. An all-encompassing global marketing company, supporting 15 of the top 20 global brands, we harness the power of rich data, groundbreaking technologies, engaging creative and transformative ideas to get the results our clients require. Recognized by Ad Age as the #1 World CRM/Direct Marketing Network, Epsilon was also named as a Leader in the January 2016 report The Forrester Wave™: Customer Loyalty Solutions For Large Organizations, Q1 2016 and in the July 2014 report ""The Forrester Wave™: Email Marketing Vendors, Q3 2014"" by Forrester Research Inc. Epsilon employs over 7,000 associates in more than 70 offices worldwide and is part of Alliance Data a Fortune 500 company. For more information, visit http://www.epsilon.com/ or follow us on Twitter @Epsilon_India. To view current job opportunities click here."	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities As a Threat Defense Engineer at Epsilon, you will be a part of the Security Operations Center (SOC) team that is focused on creating detection against current and future threats. The Threat Defense Operations (TDO) team is looking for a combined skillset of security analyst and security engineering experience. The primary role of the team will be to manage our detection platforms and use knowledge of threat actor tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) to improve our detective measures. Working closely with our Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) team, you will be building custom indicators in both our SIEM and log aggregation solutions to provide our Defense Analysis and CSIRT teams actionable investigations to work upon. We foster a learning environment and are looking for anyone who possess the following skills: Shift is 8:00AM-5:00PM, Monday-Friday (Scheduling flexibility available). Flexible two days a week work from home policy. (Manager approval) Desired Skills: Bachelor's Degree in a technical discipline with a minimum of 3 years related Information Security experience Experience working on an Incident Response or CSIRT team (Level 3 or 4) Experience in Threat Hunting Knowledge of Cyber Threat Intelligence objectives and ability to analyze reports on threat actors and emerging attack vectors Linux/Windows administration Experience with SIEM Administration Experience with tuning and optimization of SIEM rule sets and building blocks Ability to create and improve SIEM rules using correlation of multiple log sources Knowledge of Security Orchestration Understanding of Machine Learning Conducting Statistical Anomaly Detection Passionate in Cyber Security Willing to learn in a fast-paced environment Excellent written and oral communication skills Knowledge of network traffic analysis methods and tools (Open source and Enterprise) Knowledge of system and application security threats and vulnerabilities Scripting Experience (Python, PowerShell, Bash, Go) Understanding of system and application security threats and vulnerabilities Knowledge of OSI model and underlying network protocols (e.g., TCP/IP). Experience with a log aggregation query language (e.g., Splunk, SumoLogic,) Understanding of cyberattack stages (e.g., reconnaissance, scanning, enumeration, gaining access, escalation of privileges, maintaining access, network exploitation, covering tracks) Knowledge of MITRE ATT&CK Framework Endpoint and network intrusion detection techniques for malware based on textual or binary patterns (YARA, Snort, Suricata, Sysmon) Knowledge of network security architecture concepts including topology, protocols, components, and principles (e.g., application of defense-in-depth) About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 Work Locations: P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 560045 Job: Information Systems Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 3, 2019, 5:07:52 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AD"	1
"Job Role: _The role of SEO Analyst is to maximize the volume of inbound organic traffic from search engines to a website. He/ She will be responsible for implementing SEO and social media strategies for Free Press Journal. The SEO Analyst can quickly understand and support the online team with ideas for relevant content. He/ She should be familiar with SEO strategies involving - a combination of on-page and off-page techniques, including link-building, social media strategy, viral marketing, metadata sculpting, site speed optimization, content strategy, information architecture, and more. Job Description Produce detailed reports on the SEO performance Perform ongoing keyword discovery, expansion and optimization Research and implement search engine optimization recommendations Research and analyze competitor 1 links Develop and implement link building strategy Work with the development team to ensure SEO best practices are properly implemented on newly developed code Recommend changes to website architecture, content, linking and other factors to improve SEO positions for target keywords. Establish the right site structure, internal linking strategy, navigation and content presentation to drive optimal SEO performance across each of our brands and domains. Work closely with the content and marketing teams to deliver content and social campaigns that fulfil your SEO strategy. Have a daily obsession with SEO performance across sites and constantly seek to react to changes in search behaviours and keyword trends. Take care company's social media channels (Face book, Twitter) in terms of daily postings, responding queries. Make sure that social channels are active and responsive._ Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: Digital Marketing: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required)"	1
"Job Summary This role is responsible for all copy/content, within a given communication unit, to work across a range of media and formats, interpreting account briefs to compose clutter-breaking marketing communication pieces for campaigns and one-off projects - that provide tangible, measurable solutions to brands and businesses world-wide. This role also is responsible for creating award-winning work, wherever possible - and also entails keeping abreast of 1, marketing, technology developments worldwide. Responsibilities and Duties ** Functional Responsibilities: Deliver strategic communication solutions that help clients attain their marketing and communications objectives Conceiving and developing out-of-the-box concepts Ensure that the creative product is cutting-edge and ahead of the competition Work with Client Service, Design and UI for all copy requirement and contribute to the creative process Understand the objective and provide solutions by finding ways and means cutting across functions Identify and provide non-standard solutions – novel ideas Keeping abreast of the latest trends across functions and initiate to apply in day-to-day work Interpret brief from Clients and Client Servicing teams Research Clients, their Competitors and their target audiences Rework communication/campaigns based on feedback Present to Client along with Client Service team Organisation Responsibilities: Manage requirements independently within the definitions of the job role Understand business and commercial implications to provide solutions Effective utilisation of teams and resources to increase revenue Recognise/create opportunities for award winning work Participate in creating effort estimates ** People Responsibilities: Educate juniors of best-in-market Constructive feedback to team Nurture team to grow to client facing ability ** ** Qualifications and Skills ** **Education: Graduate degree ** Work Experience: 5-10 years of experience as a Copywriter Relevant experience in Digital Design and/or 1 space Exposure to branding is preferred ** Knowledge: Hands on knowledge of the limitations and possibilities of Web and Mobile technology/concepts Good experience with software and web applications ** Skills: A healthy obsession for grammar and usage Ability to produce creative, innovative and original ideas Ability to multitask and prioritise Production knowledge Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Coordination skills between teams Training/Mentoring Up-to-date with new trends Adaptability Eye for detail Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹1,200,000.00 /year Experience: work: 5 years (Required) Copywriting: 5 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	1
"Affinity.com a global contextual Ad Network, is seeking a talented, highly motivated and dependable individual who has the ability to carry out publisher operation efforts for the Business team. This position calls for a high level of initiative and good communication skills. The position is based in Mumbai. Responsibilities Optimizing incoming traffic. Managing existing & negotiating existing deals. Publisher onboarding. Executing contracts for deals. Working with tech to develop new products and features, provide tech support to publishers. Required Skills Exceptional verbal and written communication skills Strong marketing abilities along with an aptitude to forecast industry trends Should be able to do business with people from different cultural backgrounds Driven, self-motivated, with an inclination towards learning and grasping new concepts Should be a great team player and motivator Creative, out-of-the-box thinker with sharp analytical skills and problem-solving ability Ability to simultaneously manage multiple projects Persuasive Well versed with MS-Office applications like Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Avid Internet User Benefits Leave Travel Allowance, Medical Allowance, Conveyance Allowance, Bonus etc. are a given everywhere & here at Affinity too. However, we strive to go beyond the usual & the drab. If A Young Competitive Work Environment, Casual Dress Code, Flexible Working Hours, Onthe-house Snacks, Once-a-week Company Lunch, Movies, Sports Events, Flexible Leaves, 5-day Work Week (Mon-Fri), Recreational Facilities (TT, Foosball etc.) are your cheat-codes, then you’re sure to win at Affinity. We are a company, which realizes that its employees are its most important assets & hence we strive towards providing a conducive work environment, which is flexible, professional, prospering, stable, innovative and truly international in scope. If you wish to build a career with a thriving, fast-paced and cutting-edge technology company that offers personal & professional growth, we sure do want to hear from you! About Us"	1
"Business Development & Partnerships Job Location: Lower Parel, Mumbai Type: Full-Time, Paid Employer: Paper Plane Tales Overview: Paper Plane Tales is a start-up digital marketing consultancy, founded in 2016. We work with growing brands across various sectors to provide end-to end digital marketing solutions. We curate talent from across the boundless digital landscape to provide quality services in Content, Design, Branding, Strategy, Social Media, Website Development and more. The job of the Associate – Account Management will be to manage our long-term accounts and hold client relationships. This is a broad role encapsulating brand strategy, client relationships, business development, social media marketing and project management. Summary of the Role: The candidate will be responsible for managing the accounts of our existing brands, maintaining and building upon relationships with the clients as well as our collaborators (which include freelancers, agencies and industry professionals). S/he plays a key role in helping brands grow in the digital space, by planning effective strategies and ensuring company processes that are followed. If you have strong communication and organisational skills, apply now! Qualifications Required: Strong command over English Ability to manage multiple accounts/projects Ability to manage and build our network of collaborators Reporting and analytical skills Ability to strategize and manage social media accounts An eye for visual design Strong attention to detail Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint Education and Expertise Required: Graduate/Post-graduate in relevant fields (marketing, business, 1, communications) 0 – 1.5 years of work experience (preferred) Salary range: As per industry standard, based on qualification and experience. How to Apply: If you have been through the job description in detail and find you may be suitable for the role, please send us the following on paperplanetales@gmail.com : 1. A Cover Note briefly stating your background, experience and why you are suitable for this job 2. Your Resume 3. Link to your LinkedIn profile"	1
"Born from a genuine need of improving the quality of coffee experiences in India, Third Wave Coffee Roasters originated from what we like to call a ‘coffee-high’ and multiple late-night conversations on building a remarkable experience around coffee at economical prices. At Third Wave Coffee Roasters, the process of studying the quality of each stage of coffee journey - from bean to cup - is rigorously followed for all batches. We partner with select estates, monitor harvest conditions, roast coffee at ideal temperatures - bringing our customers the finest coffee experience. As one of the best specialty coffee roasters, we select specific lots of beans from each producer - roasting them in small quantities to ensure maximum freshness and quality. From coffee farmers to baristas and coffee roasters, our team encompasses every element of the coffee value chain, acting as a unifying force within the industry and raising industry standards. Core Work Activities: Manager all Social Media content ( Instagram, FaaceBook, Quora, Twitter, TripAdvisor etc ) Study Shopify data constantly to design future campaigns to grow, sustain and improve various products and experiences Engage with customers both online and offline to understand the pain point/confusion around exeriences Develop content strategies that are backed by data, and execute them flawlessly to ensure a customer makes a well-informed buying decision Develop SEO friendly content for the websites with keywords and backlinks Ability to develop content which will be in sync with the marketing efforts Coordinate with various stakeholders- creative team, café operations, online tech team etc Creation & compilation of content for different consumer engagement touchpoints like email, social, blogs Qualification & Skills: Bachelor’s/Master’s degree with 4- 7 yrs of experience as a copywriter in an 1 agency or working for a consumer brand. Experience of writing for a global audience is a plus. If your experience coincides with know-hows of beverage industry Extremely detail oriented, holds exceptionally high bar on quality & obsesses over backing copy with data/customer insights Willingness to learn about coffee as much as possible Preferable experience with lifestyle company We enjoy every opportunity to meet and chat with interesting folks, so drop us a line at people@thirdwavecoffee.in and we will be in touch."	1
"We are an interactive solution design company in Delhi who love technology and are always experimenting to mix creativity and craft with innovation, exploring new and exciting ways of interacting and communicating ideas. We are passionate about creating awesome web experiences. The marketers of cog digital treat every request as an opportunity to create profound brand visibility and our innovators are constantly creating new digital and technological breakthroughs giving your customers a richer and an interactive experience. Title: Digital 1 Job Description: Manage multiple Google Ads campaigns and accounts. Track Click-through rates and identify areas for improvement Write and test efficiency of paid search text ads Make ad decisions based on what the data trends are dictating Develop and continually expand keyword lists Work with Google Ads, Facebook Ads, LinkedIn and other search & social media Ads. Analyze data through Google analytics and take necessary actions to improve the Ad performance Key Skills: Having experience of not more than one year Excellent Verbal & Written Skills Required Knowledge of PPC ad structure Knowledge optimizing ads for PPC accounts Proficiency working with keyword research tools Should have basic understanding of MS Office (Power point & Excel) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	1
"Job Summary Responsibilities:  Lead the design team and supervise them in terms of giving creative direction and overall feedback on final executions (composition, fonts etc)  Work with senior teams on bigger campaigns and ideas. Conceptualise content or campaign ideas and translate them into final executions, with little supervision  Design final executions – when appropriate supervising specialist skills (storyboard artists,animators, motion-graphic designers, photographers…)  Guide the design team on how to tackle a particular brief and be able to justify to the team as to why you chose a particular idea, font, color, composition or subject choice  Be an active advocate of anything and everything that’s creatively inspiring. Skills & Qualifications:  5-10 year experience as a Design Lead/Art Director with an 1 company  A strong understanding of digital, the visual aesthetics of various digital channels (including social), the content formats available within them and how they can be leveraged in a creative manner  A mastery of Adobe Creative Suite (at least Photoshop, Illustrator and After Effects).Experience with other creative softwares is a big plus  Drawing/illustration skills, photograph, motion-graphics skills would be an extra plus  An interesting portfolio that demonstrates the fundamentals of design, from layout and typography, to colour and composition as well as the ability to come up with exciting content ideas that suit a creative brief and are communicated clearly  Awesome time management skills, with experience in working with tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment  Preferably a team player who can lead a team of designers using motivation instead of an iron fist Interested candidates are requested to mail updated CV with below details directly on siddharth.bigone@gmail. com (We will contact you if your profile matched with our requirement) Total Experience - Industry worked for - Applying Post - Relevant Experience - Currently Working or not - Current/Last CTC - Expected CTC - Notice Period - Current Location - Ready to relocate - Preferred Location - Call 8851163841 Whatsapp 7859860869 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹600,000.00 to ₹750,000.00 /year"	1
Operation Executive For Fresher JobCALL NOW - HR sweety 8657846593Job DetailsLocation Mumbai 30 Openings Sshift Timingsr r r 10 30 am - 7 30 pm day shift Weekly Working Days6 DaysOff Days MONNote Shift Timings are not fixed Salary CompensationSalary Offered12 000 to 20 000 monthly IncentivesNot MentionedReimbursementsTravel ReimbursementsTravelling Expenses will be provided by the company Incentives StructureNot SpecifiedEducationGraduation degree mandatoryr r r r r r r r r r r ExperienceMinimum 1 yr of experience as Operations Executive in 1 Media PR or Event Management mandatoryBTL…	1
"Identifying the training and development needs within the association through appraisal andconsultation with association members and heads of service.Designing the training programme of events for the next 12 months and 1 and promoting thisto the association members.Building the training resources and materials of the association - this would include training notes andpresentations, training materials and methodologies, e-learning materials, dvds, videos etc.Co-ordinating with the other Task Groups to organise training sessions as part of a larger event orconference such as the Biennial event or Labour market event.Identifying suitable trainers and speakers for training events and negotiating fees where applicable.Designing alternative training delivery systems to meet the needs of members, e.g. online and elearningtraining courses, development of training materials and best practice guides.Research on career development issues and dissemination of sameIntroducing new career development initiative e.g. mentoring programmes .Encouraging the sharing of best practice among members by making arrangements or creating anopportunity for members to engage in best practice sharing and collaboration.Budgeting for planned programmes and keeping expenditure within budgeted amounts.Conducting appraisals after training events and using the results of appraisal to introduce continuousimprovement to training programmes and seminars.Keeping up to date and informing members of developments in training by going to meetings,conducting research, reading journals and attending relevant courses."	1
"Marketing products in India & abroad thru agent network Developing new overseas markets thru digital marketing Appoint new agents in other countries Establishes marketing goals based on past performance and market forecasts Oversees current offerings and comes up with initiatives for new products or services Researches and analyses market trends, demographics, pricing schedules, competitor products, and other relevant information to form marketing strategies Works with marketing staff to develop detailed marketing plans for all media channels and sales teams Approves and oversees the creative development of promotional materials, website content, advertisements, and other marketing-related projects Communicates with various media buyers, 1 agencies, printers, and other services to help marketing projects come to fruition Provides in-depth information to interested clients, and acts as a representative for the marketing department in important buyer meetings Works within the department budget to develop cost-effective marketing plans for each product or service Tracks all marketing and sales data and creates detailed written reports and verbal presentations to bring to senior executives Adjusts marketing campaigns and strategies as needed in response to collected data and other feedback Salary: INR 5,50,000 - 6,50,000 P.A. Salary is not a constraint for a deserving candidate Industry: Industrial Products, Heavy Machinery Functional Area: Sales , Retail , Business Development Role Category: Retail Sales Role: Sales/Business Development Manager Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time MBA marketing with experience in industrial product marketing Should be conversant with digital marketing Should have good communication skills in English language Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG: MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Job Type: Full-time"	1
"We are looking for an experienced Trade Marketing Managers to drive the success of effective marketing, 1, and promotional activities of the company. An ideal candidate is an exemplary team leader, is very strategic, knows the market and consumers well, and has experience driving growth. Most companies require managers to have a bachelor’s degree with a minimum of 3-5 years experience in trade marketing. Strong knowledge of consumer industry. Strong range management. Experience analyzing large amounts of data and trends. Ability to think critically and creatively Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹80,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Marketing: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"We are looking for Field Marketing Officer for our leading institute Bookmark Education Services Pvt. Ltd. located at Bathinda. About us : - Bookmark Education Services Pvt. Ltd. Is an English language Institute which aims to improve English Language Skills of intended students. We are a team of self-motivated, highly dedicated professionals with an unwavering commitment to and a single-minded focus on empowering our students with English communication skills that enable them to achieve their goals. Job Description Implement marketing and 1 campaign. Preparing marketing and 1 strategies, plan and objectives Preparing marketing reports by collecting and analyzing Data Plan meetings and organizing seminars and also establishing new contacts. The ideal candidate should fulfill the following criteria;- Proficiency in Local language along with English( Read, Write, Speak) Should be wiling to travel daily to meet the mutually agreed targets . Educational Qualification: - Must have completed Graduation. Experience : -Minimum 1 year of filed experience in any industry is must. Interested candidates can contact on below given no 7986244653 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: Marketing: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	1
"Online Job 1 Portal in the UK requires, a good English speaking Recruitment executive that has experience using CV Search Engines as well as writing great job adverts. Keeping up to date Applicant Tracking Systems. Excellent English Communication and writing skills Sourcing through Job Boards, Social Media and LinkedIn. Utilizing online tools (Totaljobs, Monster, CareerBuilder, Reed etc.) and social networking websites like LinkedIn, Facebook for searching candidates. Performing full-cycle recruiting to include requirement gathering, sourcing, resume evaluation, proactive resourcing. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹26,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Job Description Marketing Specialist - Protein Biology and Cell Analysis When you’re part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you’ll do important work. Surrounded by collaborative colleagues, you’ll have the support and opportunities that only a global leader can give you. Our respected, growing organization has an exceptional strategy for the near term and beyond. Take your place on our strong team, and help us make significant contributions to the world. Responsibilities Focus: Category Management In conjunction with the Marketing Lead, responsible for achieving financial and market success in the region for Protein Biology and Cell Analysis portfolios and providing region-level line-of-sight visibility (local pulse) to WW platform and Market Development. Manage Region market performance - short-term forecasting, sales and shipments, gap-to-close analysis and corrective actions as required in conjunction with Marketing Lead and sales leadership For assigned product portfolios perform detailed analysis and routine reporting of Region business performance (i.e. Region revenue, unit/solution actual sales to forecast, campaign implementation status and results) so that appropriate actions can be planned. Work with Regional Marketing Manager to recommend actions based on seasonality and competitive pressures, key partner performance and issues as appropriate. Optimize Region pricing in collaboration with Marketing Lead, RMDs, and Sales Leadership. Plans and executes Region- and country-level NPIs, price actions, upgrades and obsolescence of existing products. Focus: Region Segment Campaigns and New Product Launches For assigned product portfolios work with Regional Marketing Manager/Product Marketing Manager and RMDs on the adaptation of global campaigns and programs for execution in the region to establish strong customer and category Country program adaptation and execution Local communications deliverables, web content and translations, support center preparation to support campaigns Industry and customer events Region industry relationship management Internal regional campaign set up & communication to sales, Field Application Specialists, Field Service Engineers, Customer Service Channel execution planning For assigned portfolios, responsible for working with regional marketing manager and RMDs on new product introduction/ launch execution (NPI) and deployment plan, including country level PR, local web content and local activities to support launch Develops and implements local sales & competitive response for campaigns and programs Training of Sales Team and Channel Partners Metrics Consistent tracking and analysis of region market performance All campaigns executed on time and on strategy Co-ownership with marketing lead of NPS for region PV1, achievement of A and A+ targets for NPIs 1 Management- Manage the placement of agreed 1 communications for both print and digital media. Any other related tasks with are deemed relevant to the role Skills and Knowledge Business Knowledge/Intelligence: Knowledgeable about how organizations function; knows how to get things done both through formal channels and the informal network. Marketing Excellence/Capacity: Is quality driven; executes to strategy focusing on generating profitable growth for the business. Is committed to continuous process improvement. Market/Customer Focused. Demonstrates and acts on customer needs and insight. Uses market/customer information to identify issues and opportunities. Builds bonds with internal and external partners. Balances competing interests and issues and readily readjusts priorities to respond to pressing and changing business demands. Business/Category Knowledge. Possesses good current knowledge of the relevant markets and industry and stays at the forefront of business, technical, and strategic developments. Has a thorough understanding of current technology and applications across target customer segments. Excellent inter-personal communications skills, cooperative team player with a proactive responsive approach. Highly organized and able to manage multiple projects at one time. Learns Continuously. Team player. Analytical with excellent communication skills - both oral and written, and strong organizational skills. Academic Qualifications and Experience Master’s degree in Life Sciences (PhD or MBA is desirable) with a good understanding of marketing concepts and practices. Marketer with 3/5 years of business experience. Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status."	1
"Develop and implement an effective search strategy Based on Audience Insights and Search Behavior, map and improve our clients SERPs with competition on targeted keywords. Perform ongoing keyword research and discovery, expansion and optimization. Track, report, and analyze website analytics and PPC initiatives and campaigns Create and optimize Copy and Landing Pages for Search Engine Marketing Research and analyze competitor 1 links and keywords Proven success in link building and viral strategies, the ability to deploy an effective local and long-tail search strategy Pro Experience in Google Analytics, Webmaster Tools, Botify, experience with Google's Keyword Tool Well experienced withE commercefunnel, setting up Goals Work with the technology team to ensure SEO best practices are implemented across all our client’s properties Work with the digital marketing team to drive SEO in content creation and content programming Recommend changes to website architecture, content, linking and other factors to improve SEO positions for target keywords The ability to work with back-end SEOelements such as .htaccess, robots.txt, metadata, site speed optimization, and related skills and a functional understanding of HTML, CSS, JS A deep understanding of mobile strategy and how it relates to SEO Proven track record of building sustainable organic traffic Pro experience in lead generation and conversion optimization and Generate Leads for our Clients A solid grasp of how blogging, press releases, social media, and related strategies go hand-in-hand with SEO Experience in building inbound organic search traffic and improving SERPs A background in creating reports showing web analytics data and site evaluations An up-to-date, working knowledge of current, past, and projected trends in the SEOindustry Familiarity with the best tools in the trade and a functional understandingonPerformance Marketing tools and channels Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: Digital Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Vadodara, Gujarat (Required)"	1
"Job Summary Are you and experienced and ambitious Paid Marketing Manager looking for a new challenge and an opportunity to advance your career? If you are able to manage multiple projects simultaneously with tight deadlines, we have the perfect job for you! We are looking for a dynamic Paid Marketing Manager to lead our marketing dream team and support them with his/her leadership and expertise in developing and executing of our paid marketing strategy. Responsibilities and Duties Lead and execute the implementation of our paid marketing strategies (Facebook, Google Adwords, Linkedin etc.) Examine correlations between prospecting activities, revenue, and budget Measure and optimize our paid marketing using vendor-specific dashboards, Google Analytics, and HubSpot landing page sources reports Research and test partnerships with new vendors to expand our reach and/or lower cost-per-acquisition Collaborate with marketing teammates to maintain a consistent brand voice and message across all paid programs Craft landing pages and lead-gen forms for our content to distribute through relevant paid programs Coordinate, supervise and inspire members of our paid marketing team Stay up-to-date with digital marketing trends and potential new channels and strategies to keep us ahead, including updates to social media marketing, attribution, and programmatic media buying Monitor market intelligence and keep track on competitor movement and market situation Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Previous working experience as a Marketing Manager for 3 years. A proven track record of successful marketing campaigns In-depth knowledge of the various paid marketing channels and technologies, including paid search, retargeting, social network 1 (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, and more), and content distribution and placement networks Hands on experience in handling marketing budgets and forecasting/reporting results Outstanding communication, presentation and leadership skills Excellent organizational and time management skills Strategic thinker with great analytical skills Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: facebook paid marketing: 3 years (Preferred) Sales And Business Development: 2 years (Preferred) Google adwords: 3 years (Preferred) Digital Marketing: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Sales Executive : Events Sponsorship & 1 Sales Age: 21 to 28 years Old Language Skills: English & Hindi Fluent Qualification: Graduate, MBA an advantage. Experience: Evidence of fulfilling or exceeding numerical targets in sponsorship and 1 sales for more than 1 year independently. Computer Skills: MS Office, PPT, Presentation Skills Salary commensurate with qualification, experience and not a limiting factor for the right candidates. Write with current and expected salary in Rs to HR Manager Job Type: Full-time"	1
"Supervises the functions of the department employees, facilities, operations and cost on a day- to-day basis. Establishes and maintains effective customer/employee relation. To introduce new ways and means to minimize transaction time at box office. Develops formal training plans and conducts on the job-sessions for all employees of Cinema Supervises and co-ordinates in liaison with the Area Manager, operational decisions Prepares monthly reports, forecast report and any other report pertaining to the cinema department Ensures code of conduct and grooming. Maintains revenue/accounts related records. Prepares departmental budgets and objective manuals, with constant review and observations. Ensures effective co-ordination for 1 films Checking attendance of all departments in the Cinema. Weekly staff meeting to take feedback from Associates Weekly Operations review meeting with all support department supervisors/AMs. Daily Spoilage review and Stock commuting. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 7 years (Preferred) cinema: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Primary responsibility would be to research and analyze the outputs and segregation of the output based on the given criteria. Prepare reports of findings, illustrating data graphically and translating complex findings into written text. Measure the effectiveness of marketing, 1, and communications programs and strategies. Gather data on competitors and analyze their prices, sales, and method of marketing and distribution. Research and gather information related to customers, industry, competitors, and product technology trends. Experience 1+years Job Location Mumbai Pay Scale As per Industry & Experience Education Any Graduates Desired Candidate Profile Ability to process and interpret large quantities of data in short time frames. Excellent analytical skills - ability to recognize and tell the story. Should have good presentation and convincing skills. Should be a self-starter and the ability to prepare error free reports with minimum supervision. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Exceptional MS Office skills (i.e. Excel, Word, PowerPoint."	1
"all over india Description: The majority work in general practice, which involves work such as taking pictures of fashion, 1 or clinical photography. Photographers should: be creative, with a good eye for a picture have excellent technical and photographic skills have good communication and people skills have good IT skills, especially with computer programs such as Photoshop be commercially aware and good at marketing themselves."	1
"You’re a people’s person and have found your zen! Because that’s what we need when a major part of your role is managing people expectations, with empathy and efficiency. As the one point of contact with clients your responsibilities will include managing all day-to-day operations of the business making sure that all deliverables to the clients are fulfilled. For this you will need to excel at: Cultivating a great relationship with clients from the closure of their deal through the period of their association with the company Managing key components of client briefing, creative development, client approvals and ongoing client support Creating and managing documentation for client project management Coordinating cross-functional resources to ensure efficient service delivery Consistently reflecting on current processes and communicating the benefits and drawbacks to ensure that the company betters it's standards each day Negotiation, details-orientation with strong focus on following-through Being a custodian, who oversees all aspects of the projects from strategy, social media, and content syndication to balancing clients and the creative team with efficiency. A keen interest in understanding the new marketing innovations and trends in the digital, print and media industry. In addition to this, you will ideally need to have: A minimum of 3 – 4 years of work experience A good command over the English Language Proficiency in MS Office Knowledge of creative building / publishing and a background in 1/media business development will be a plus point. Join Our Team If interested get in touch with us at info@oh22media.com, careers@oh22media.com or Give us a call at 022 - 24442202"	1
"Summary: A key part of the GBT business is the partnerships we have with key air, car and hotel travel suppliers and how we work with them to develop their business on the GBT network. Within this role, you will be working with the largest air, car and hotel companies globally in helping them execute their marketing plan with GBT. These campaigns would include marketing channels unique to the travel industry such as itineraries, online booking tools, and GDS marketing as well as more traditional channels such as ECRM. Our 1 Operations Executive will be responsible for executing all the 1 campaigns GBT runs throughout the year. We deliver thousands of ad campaigns globally, across 7 marketing channels and you will be responsible for getting these live within agreed SLAs. Job Description: Administer the delivery of 2000+ media campaigns. Weekly SLA targets will be given & monitored. Review all new campaign requests to ensure all campaign information and targeting is supplied, pricing is correct and there are no inventory clashes. Serve as the authority on creative content to ensure everything received is in line with our technical specifications. Reviewing all content against compliance guidelines. Collate all required materials and brief 3rd party implementation partners on requirements. Track and report on the progress of individual campaigns back to our partners and provide screenshots once live. Overall responsibility for ensuring campaigns are progressed through the ad operations system and all required fields/information is completed Skills / Qualifications: The ability to multi-task is essential. Knowledge of campaign execution and campaign analytics. Strong attention to detail. Intermediate Excel Experience of inventory management. Strong communication skills; Fluent in written and verbal English Strong relationship and stakeholder management skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across multiple teams An innovative mindset and always on the lookout to improve the way we do business Location India>Haryana>Gurgaon It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability to perform a job, without regard to age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship or marital status, and to maintain a non-discriminatory environment free from intimidation, harassment or bias based upon these grounds. GBT Recruitment Privacy Statement"	1
"Set the agenda and provide strategic leadership across the commercial data and analytics value chain. Partner with these key executives to ask the right questions, and then deliver insights—through data and analytics—that have significant impact on customers and create value for both Customers and SSL. Integrate the results of individual market research studies along with data analytics and other information to summarize key insights and drive formulation of brand strategy and tactics. Partner with content experts to research, design, and refine survey questions and data instruments. Evaluate external partnerships and technologies to improve scope and scale of data analytics offerings to members. Should be able to ideate, conceptualize and create analytics offerings in line with current business demands in the Insurance Industry. Manages a team of business analysts that use business data and statistical methods to provide insight into business performance and suggest area for and methods of improving operations. Developing new applications for the web – hosting the same on our website in coordination with IT Team. Responsible for the integrity of data between various applications and ensuring the same with STT. Responsible for the data warehouse requirements for the First Citizen team. Provide thought –leadership and be accountable for all Analytics & Research for various Projects. Developing and implementing the marketing strategy to accelerate the revenue and footfall growth. The role supports the overall business strategy by directing various activities of marketing including, branding, digital marketing, shopper marketing, PR, new product development, business analytics and loyalty programs through guided market and consumer research. Implementing the digital customer experience strategy which included among others endless aisle, social media marketing, influencer marketing, content marketing, marketing automations, personal shopper program with data intelligence, mobile based net promoter score system and digitization of the loyalty program. Developing the business analytics strategy and built customer centric campaigns which, resulted in an increase in share of business by loyalty members across the enterprise and including for both stores and online channels Leveraged social media data to measure and manage channel, content and media performance Driving business outcomes based on understanding of the customer purchase through business analytics and customer lifecycle management Introducing the business analytics and customer insights practice within the organization Handling the team & mentoring them in Loyalty , Research , Analytics Evaluating ROI on initiatives taken Defining SOPs for CRM & Loyalty Operations Initiating discussion & closing in partner / vendor alliances as per requirement. Executing all 1 and Direct Marketing communication with the Loyalty Program Built strategic external alliances and partnerships with vendors to boost consumer advantages beyond the normal discounts and offers Implemented data analytics enhancing acquisition of new members, revenue generation targeting and upward migration of members across the value chain. CRM/Loyalty: Customer Life cycle management, segmentation, tiering, cross sell, new customer acquisition, Campaign planning & calendaring the CRM & Loyalty initiatives for the year. Analytics: Data Driven Decision making for insight & strategy driven CRM approach. Measuring ROI on CRM initiatives & incremental revenue generated through campaigns. Predictive Modelling, Association, Scoring etc. Implemented data analytics enhancing acquisition of new members, revenue generation targeting and upward migration of members across the value chain."	1
"Location: Mumbai,India Key Skill-sets: Content strategy/Celebrity Acquisition & Relationships About the Role: Drive the content strategy for leading Hollywood & Bollywood celebrities for armsprime.com Acquire new celebrities/influencers & onboard them with armsprime.com ecosystem Strong inter-personal relationships in the Bollywood fraternity Work with Design team to create path-breaking campaigns Knowledge of branded content & integrations with celebrities/brands About the Role: Perks of frequent travel Learnings about the growing celebrity-technology market Working with leading celebrities What's preferred: 1 background Celebrity management agency background Industry knowledge Work Experience Minimum 3-5 Years Send your CV to surabhi@razrcorp.com"	1
"We are looking for a creative Graphic Designer for creating high-quality designs for 1 and marketing collaterals. The Candidate must have an aesthetic sense of creating new out of the box ideas & converting them into eye-catching designs. Must have expert knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Corel Draw & other Designing Tools. Must have experience of designing Book Covers, Brochures, Catalogues, Design material & layouts. Candidates having experience from 1 Agency will be given preference. Experience: Min: 2 years 1. Sketchers must have a hand on experience in creating illustrations manually or digitally in different styles like Realistic, Semi-Realistic, Cartoon and Stylized. 2. Digital Coloring Artists must be expert in Photoshop and Illustrator. 3.Should be able to work under tight deadlines and perform exceptionally under pressure. 4. Candidates having MFA/BFA degree from a recognized institute will be preferred. 5. Must have a good portfolio with experience of working on different styles. 6. Ability to generate out of the box ideas."	1
"Requirements: Excellent Communication, writing and editing skills. Candidates having very good proficiency in English, Hindi and translation of Hindi to English and vice versa. Graphic design skills. Social media skills. Creative mindset and hands on experience of latest digital marketing/1 trends. Filing and documentation skills. Responsibilities: Create promotional materials for use in India and other countries to enhance profile of IIT Indore. Assist in implementing an integrated strategic marketing and communication plan. Assist in developing stories, interview briefs and articles that reach both internal and external audiences."	1
"Digital Marketing Manager - Lead Generation The goal of the Digital Marketing Manager is to drive inbound leads for the company (B2B) by leveraging your knowledge of SEO, SEM, and email marketing. The ideal candidate for this role has new ideas and perspectives to bring to the table, and also has the technical ability and know-how to execute those ideas. Here are some things you’ll tackle: Develop and execute an SEO strategy, working with the website manager and content writers for blogs/newsletter to incorporate SEO best practices. Manage AdWords and other digital 1 campaigns (Google & LinkedIn) Design and execute email marketing campaigns using Marketing Automation Platform (Sharpspring) Build and maintain KPI to measure the effectiveness of efforts Partner with our video and writing teams on digital content development Our Ideal Candidate: - Person has a proven aptitude to understand core business problems for multiple buyer persona - Person has proven expertise in writing content - Person needs to own the lead generation goals - Person should be able to budget and oversee multiple channels - Person should have technical know-how of tools for both inbound and outbound - Person needs to able to research industry-specific groups and channels to post necessary content - English expertise is a must What you’ll need: Bachelor’s degree in marketing or a similar field 3-5 years of digital marketing experience, preferably in a B2B technology organization or agency Expertise in SEO, including keyword research, ranking factors, backlinks, etc. Experience with AdWords and digital 1 strategies Experience running Email marketing automation platforms; Digital marketing campaign planning and management experience Ability to manage multiple tasks with little to moderate direction Track record of delivering quality work on time Why we love Zenya and TellZen, and why you will too! Industry leading products Work hard, and have fun doing it Incredibly fast growth means limitless opportunity Flexible and dynamic culture Work alongside some of the most talented and dedicated teammates This position offers Base salary and commission(with no caps) Fast career growth to leadership position for proven candidate Equity in fast growing startup. Training on product, process and sales Free Parking Work-Life Balance Opportunity to advance career within sales or other areas in company Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹700,000.00 /year Experience: Email Automation: 3 years (Required) Digital Marketing: 5 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Job Summary We are looking for smart, enthusiastic, energetic and passionate candidate. The desired candidate will get an opportunity to work with well-known brands with responsibility to carry out visual concepts, design, branding & merchandising. He/she should possess good grasping of the campaign concepts and able to deliver it through right graphical elements. The candidate should have necessary flair, imagination and versatility required while working in an 1 agency. Responsibilities and Duties 1. Understand the client brief 2. Think 3. Develop well rounded develop creative campaign theme concepts 4. Create conceptual designs and layouts 4. Develop design solutions from concept to production 5. Manage and Deliver the campaigns as per client deadlines Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Good knowledge of graphics, space design, branding & creative visualisation. Should possess excellent English (Verbal and written) communication skills. Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop, illustrator, Corel Draw Applying candidates should send resume mentioning 10th, 12th and graduation percentage markes/grades along with portfolio. Benefits Training and mentoring from industry experts. Job Type: Full-time"	1
"We are a Canadian Company looking for individuals that are able to work from their home office. You must have a high speed internet connection, a computer and/or a laptop. Are you passionate about designing amazing digital user interfaces? Are you constantly pushing yourself to design better, easier and more delightful web and mobile interfaces? Do you have an innate interest in designing user experiences that drive meaningful business results? Do you want to make a difference with Digital Products? We are looking to fill the positions of Web & Graphic Designer & Web Developer.. Web Design & Graphic Design Create high quality visuals that tell unique and compelling retail/media/brand stories that excite consumers on all consumer touch points Execute email strategy Social Media strategy and posting Work closely with Marketing team to develop marketing concepts Prepare visual presentations for 1 campaigns by designing art and copy layouts Obtain approval of marketing layouts and concepts Coordinate projects from start to finish (concept, layout, print production and shipping) Web Developer Produce and launching of sites (Wordpress Theme) Develop, implement and maintain WooCommerce custom plugins Perform code verification and determine recommendations for adaptation Analyze processes in order to provide solutions Take initiative to research and learn emerging technologies Speed up website load time and better user experience Qualifications 3+ years’ experience in UI/UX Design for web and mobile application interfaces Solid understanding of how to work with traffic and web analytic data using tools like Google Analytics and Clicktale Experience leading the interface design process from conception through to completion and work well with others across the business Can work consistently in a dynamic, fast-paced, supportive and innovative environment Good understanding of HTML5, CSS v3 & 4, JS and Native Mobile App capabilities and limitations Have a sense of curiosity, continuously learning and an open-minded attitude Experience in conduct research, usability testing and analyze usage data. Experience in creating user workflows, wireframes, functional specs, high-fidelity mock-ups and prototypes of various complexity Experience: WooCommerce: 1 year Web Development: 1 year SEO: 1 year Language: english Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹17,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	1
"Selected intern's day-to-day responsibilities include: Identifying potential customers interested in 1 (Lead Generation) Visiting leads/businesses for 1 opportunities Closing the leads Duration: 3 Months (April, May, June) Skill(s) required: MS-Office, Digital Marketing, Sales, English Proficiency (Spoken) Who can apply: Only those candidates can apply who: are available for full time (in-office) internship can start the internship in April are available for duration of 3 months till June/July have relevant skills and interests can bring their vehicle (2-wheeler) – Petrol will be reimbursed 18% Sales Commission will also be provided on succesful sales. Job Type: Internship Salary: ₹5,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Required) Location: Delhi, Delhi (Required) Language: English (Required) Shifts: Mid-Day (Preferred) Evening (Preferred) Morning (Preferred)"	1
"We are in search of MANAGEMENT ASSOCIATES who are ready to take the challenge of the corporate world and are ready to mould themselves to become the topmost global leaders in the corporate world. Candidates Responsibilites Learn the essentials Of Marketing , 1 , Customer Engagement and Sales Efficiency. Leadership – Become a Skilled Leader at Sales & marketing and advance to Leadership role to maximize business Performance. Handling Human Resource Development through hiring and Training & Developing individuals. Managing, Coaching, Monitoring a team to Maximize Business Performance. Managing Basics of Business Administration, Finance and Operations ; moreover learn what is required to run a Business unit of Your own. 54% of millennials want to start their own businesses but don't know how By 2025, 3 out of 4 workers will be millennials 89% of millennials would prefer to choose when and where to work rather than work 9-5 45% of millennials choose flexibility of working over pay 87% of millennials prefer to make a difference than get professional recognition Your profile in our organization will be to work in the aspect of Management. We use a common Training Method Module in order to provide the necessary training to each individual in the prospect of Marketing, HRD (Human Resource Development), Administration & Finance LEVEL1:- CLIENT REPRESENTATION (MARKETING/SALES/1/PROMOTIONS) LEVEL 2:- TEAM BUILDING AND TRAINING (HUMAN RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT) LEVEL 3:- DEVELOPMENT AND PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL. (HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT) LEVEL 4:- RISK ASSESSMENT AND ADMINISTRATION (FINANCE MANAGEMENT) LEVEL 5:- UNDERSTANDING MANAGEMENT(BUSINESS MANAGEMENT) Those interested and meet the above conditions, please send your CV together with personal details by e-mail address careers@paladinorg.com."	1
3 - 7 Years Navi Mumbai Job Description Job Title: PR Manager Experience: 3 - 7 years Salary: 6 - 8 Lacs Location: Vashi Job Description: Candidate should minimum 3 years of experience in PR. He/She must be based in Navi Mumbai or Thane Should have experience in PR Firm. Salary 6 Lac To 8 Lac P.A. Industry Marketing / 1 / PR / Media Planning Work Experience 3 - 7 Years Qualification Other Bachelor Degree Key Skills Public Relation Management Company Profile Email ID intelact17@gmail.com	1
"Copywriter's tasks and duties: Understand & discuss the client’s objective, message and target audience Brainstorm visual and copy ideas with other members of the creative team Write and present the best options to the Creative Director Write and refine copy until the style and tone reflect the client’s outlook Oversee the production phase Present campaigns and ideas to the client as part of the presentation team A Copywriter should: Be highly creative and must select the best ideas out of a pool Have good written and interpersonal skills Understand different language styles that appeal to various target markets Work well as part of a team Be able to work under pressure Present the best ideas to the Creative Director after process of elimination Have an interest in popular culture, and new 1 trends and techniques. Typical requirements & skills: Ability to manage a project from concept through production Initiate brainstorming sessions within a team Ability to narrow down to the best of ideas Understand and translate marketing strategy into written communication Willingness to work long hours and weekends Meeting with client servicing to understand client's requirements Familiarizing themselves with the product, target audience and competitor activities in the market Overseeing the production phase, booking and liaising with designers, illustrators, printers, photographers and production companies Researching competitor activities and successful campaigns being delivered by other agencies Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Copywriting: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Dear Candidates, We have requirement as a SEM for Jewellery Company. Designation: SEM Location: Elphinstone Road (Prabhadevi) Salary: 30000 - 40000 Profile: 1) Plan, own and execute all digital marketing initiatives including but not limited to SEO, SEM, email marketing, social media, affiliates and display 1 campaigns. 2) Measure and report on digital marketing campaign performance, and assess these against goals such as ROI and KPIs. 3) Optimize spend and performance based on trend insights. Brainstorm new creative growth strategies. 4) Plan, execute and measure experiments and conversion tests. Create landing pages and optimize user experience by collaborating with internal teams 5) Evaluate end - to - end customer experience using analytical ability, looking across multiple channels. 6) Instrument conversion points and optimizes user funnels Should have handled Annual Budget of 2 CR on social media Interested candidate call me on 9619844493. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Social Media: 2 years (Preferred) Email Marketing: 2 years (Preferred) SEM: 2 years (Preferred)"	1
"Functional Area Marketing & 1 Role * Should have Excellent Communication Skills and Convincing Power. Fluent in English, Hindi. Should be able to work with a Team. Good at Computers. Female/Male Candidates. Call to the customers and give full details of the one particular product and sale the product to the customers through Tele call... with good convincing and motivation skills.. Education UG Any Graduate-Any Specialization Location Mumbai"	1
"Responsibilities: Develop the marketing communication strategy and manage marketing programs that drive awareness and organic demand. Understand how the product/solution is used by customers. Content development and support. Conceptualize and create unique product and solution content for a variety of media. Content is in the form of newsletters, videos, marketing collaterals, case studies, presentations etc. Collaborate with the Product Marketing and Digital Marketing teams to deliver quality content for online and offline marketing activities. Manage the company's blog. Work closely with PR agency to ensure that there is impactful coverage of the brand and stakeholders. Ensure the participation of the company in industry events. Coordinate trade show events, seminars, sales meetings and related activities. Conduct general market research to keep abreast of trends and competitors marketing movements. Execute the Quarterly Marketing Communication Plan. Appraise vendors such as the PR agency, 1 agency, Research agency and others on performance. Requirements: 360-degree analysis - (market, customer, and competitors). Be the expert on the customer, the industry trends, and the players in the market."	1
"PhD in Machine Learning, Statistics, Optimization or Applied Mathematics 2+ year relevant industry or research experience Hands-on experience in predictive modeling and analysis Strong skills in problem solving, programming and computer science fundamentals The Ad Optimization group in Bangalore has the charter to build data-science focused products and platforms for the worldwide 1 organization in Amazon. We supply the technology to build a high quality 1 marketplace, optimizing performance for our advertisers and revenue for our publishers. This technology powers online 1 programs for some of the world's largest websites, including Amazon.com and other prime online properties. We currently manage various programs in the 1 Technology space including Robot Detection, Publisher Fraud Detection, Contextual Extraction (ContX), Viewability and User Engagement, and Brand Safety Computational 1 is one of the most challenging areas for algorithmic optimization due to the scale of the problem, direct impact on the business, and because of the interplay of multiple areas like machine learning, statistics, data mining, data streams, computational economics and econometrics. We build advanced and highly scalable algorithms to optimize performance for advertiser, publisher, ad-network and user. We work on problems in unsupervised learning, robust statistics, natural language processing, image processing and time series analysis. A Machine Learning Scientist is responsible for solving complex big-data problems in the online 1 space using data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis and computational economics. An ideal candidate should have strong depth and breadth knowledge in machine learning, data mining and statistics. The candidate should have reasonable programming and design skills to manipulate unstructured and big data and build prototypes that work on massive datasets. The candidate should be able to apply business knowledge to perform broad data analysis as a precursor to modeling and to provide valuable business intelligence. Amazon.com offers competitive salary, stock grants, health and other benefits. Experience with big data Experience in Deep Learning Experience in Computational 1"	1
"Bring forward strategic recommendations for driving SUGAR sales , innovative ideas , and fresh approaches to guide partnership with aggregators for bulk deals. Create compelling B2B direct marketing strategies both offline and online space and oversee them through creative execution , ensuring that work aligns with marketing calendar Guide marketing creative development with cross function - Integrate marketing channel communications plans with 1 and promotion campaigns. JOB LOCATION: PRABHADEVI, MUMBAI Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹800,000.00 to ₹900,000.00 /year Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English (Preferred)"	1
"IIM Bangalore Jobs 2019: 01 Assistant Manager Vacancy for Array Salary 82,000 published on 30th May 2019. On 30/05/2019, IIM Bangalore announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Assistant Manager. . Vacancy 1 : Assistant Manager Qualification : Any Graduate, Any Post Graduate Vacancies : 01 post Salary : Rs. 56,000 - Rs. 82,000Per Month Experience : 8 - 14 years Job Location : Bengaluru|Bangalore Last Date to Apply : 06/06/2019Other Qualification Details: A. Position: – Assistant Manager / Associate Manager / Manager- Marketing – Open Programmes, EEPB. The role reports into the Chief Programme Officer – Executive Education Programmes. He / She will assist the CPO in managing the existing and new Open programmes. He/she will also assist in developing marketing collaterals – sound bites, testimonials, marketing brochures, website etc.C. Major Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Responsible for the conception, development and execution of a marketing strategy for the open, long-duration programmes2. Leading end-to-end execution of Marketing Plan - including campaign planning, analysis, execution, tracking, reporting and troubleshooting.3. Creation of content for impactful collaterals (case-studies, brochures, videos) in different formats4. Monitoring the Marketing campaigns for its performance & delivery and providing recommendations to optimize the campaigns accordingly to achieve both the targets (performance and delivery) of the campaign.5. Plan and execute all web, SEO/SEM, Database Marketing, email, social media and display 1 campaigns. Devising strategies to increase visibility and engagement with customers to drive online traffic to the official website.6. Be able to guide the participants on the most suitable long duration Programme given their qualifications and experience.7. Follow up on leads for conversion.8. Creation of MIS and Dashboards • Interact with various functions and Faculty as and when required9. Support as and when required, the research on best-in-class practices in executive education10. To develop knowledge and keep oneself updated on the assigned industry verticals.D. Educational qualification and Experience: 1. Candidate must be a graduate from a reputed university or Institution. 2. Desirable: Post Graduate from a reputed university or Institution. Holders of Post graduate diploma can also be considered.3. Candidate should have minimum 8-14 years experience. 4. Sales and Marketing experience in a B2B or B2C environment.Address: . Indian Institute of Management Bangalore, Bannerghatta Main Rd, Opp to, Apollo Hosptials, Bilekahalli, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560076 Selection Procedure : Selection Will be Based either Written Exam/Interview How to Apply : Closing date for applications is June 06, 2019 Only shortlisted candidates will be intimated.Ref: IIMB/HR/RECT/2019/30 Date: May 27, 2019. FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	1
"Phase 1: Marketing Management: Learn the essential elements of 1, Marketing, Sales, Customer Services and providing Client Services. Phase 2: Human Resource Development: Learn how to plan for the future and to train & develop individual. Phase 3: Human Resource Management: Become skilled at coaching, mentoring and motivating a team & maximise business performance. Phase 4: Finance & Administration Management: Learn what is required to run a business of your own. Phase 5: Business Management: Own & run your own 1 Marketing Company using your business decisions to decide its growth and profitability To book an appointment contact VARTIKA 7232896341 Job Types: Full-time, Fresher Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Location: Jaipur, Rajasthan (Preferred)"	1
"Job type: Permanent Work Experience: 2-8 years Qualification: Diploma/Degree in Commercial Arts Job Location: Vashi Department: 1 Job Requirements: Developing and designing concepts for print ads, e-mailers, outdoor campaigns etc. Good understanding of brands. Creative knack to deliver best possible solutions through visualization to clients. Creative/ Out-of-the-Box thinking. Quality creative work. Assisting designers in planning and design details. Ability to work closely with the Copy team on projects. Developing creative ideas and concepts Computer Knowledge: Adobe Photoshop, Corel Draw, Illustrator, Indesign etc Other Skills: Must Possess excellent design creativity, flair and positive attitude with a first-class eye for design details Should be able to produce results in a fast paced environment Must be able to work with speed and meet deadlines Ability to produce as an individual or as a part of team as well. Ability to prioritize the work and meet the deadlines. Works independently and as a team Strong analytical skills, essential Problem-solving skills Ability to work under pressure Compensation: At par with Industry standards."	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities Sr. QA Analyst Responsibilities Exercise comprehensive understanding of Software Development Life Cycle and Quality Assurance concepts, metrics and documentation standards. Receives little instruction on day-to-day work, general instructions on new assignments. Identify and escalate risks and issues to project leadership in accordance with best practices Review and Analyze FSD/BRD Create and execute Manual and Automated test scripts (Preferably using Selenium – Java) Create test plans/cases/scenarios to rigorously test system functionality and investigate and resolve test failures Generate and manage complex levels of test data for test case execution Execute complex Functional test cases/steps on the new features; confirm that existing functionality and usability have not been negatively altered (from both a black box and gray box perspective); update documentation accordingly with results Ensure test cases can be tracked back to requirement specifications and defect analysis reports Document actual results and assist in defect investigation and escalation Analyze requirements to define regression test cases needed Provide level of effort estimates for testing tasks as needed (be able to identify a time line for a project and verify if enough time is allotted). Should be able to identify when a project/task is falling out of a specific timeline estimate, and will escalate. Identify and report defects, verify fixes, and work with Developers and Business Analysts to ensure defects are resolved Assist and support other team members and workgroups by carrying out duties as assigned Setup & participate in defect triage meetings Assist Lead QA for Testing Metrics & Reporting Qualifications Minimum 5 years solid experience in Quality Assurance/Testing, business analysis and/or software development Experience using test automation tools (Java, Selenium) and performance testing tools Strong experience testing restful APIs Good to have 1 to 2 years of experience in JUnit (Load & Performance Testing) Detail oriented, organized, analytical problem solver with extremely strong trouble-shooting skills Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle and Quality Assurance concepts, Metrics, SDLC methodologies and documentation standards Strong ability in oral and written communication with the client. Ability to consistently provide high quality feedback on product readiness, assess testing requirements and verify testing coverage, procedures and results Strong experience in writing SQL statements (DML/ DDL) Familiar with Toad – can navigate and extract data Experience creating, maintaining, defining and executing manual test scripts and preparing test data Experience in writing and maintaining QA documentation Experience with relational databases Solid experience in analyzing test results Self-motivated with dedicated work ethics and a proactive attitude Ability to problem-solve independently and mentor others in mobile testing techniques Strong verbal and written communication skills Strong commitment to testing and quality deliverables Ability to multi-task About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 Work Locations: P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 9, 2019, 3:21:05 PM Division: Epsilon India RI: AD"	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities 1) Will be technical lead for the UNIX patching & Vulnerability mitigation team 2) Responsible for preparing/validating the patching schedule as well as roster 3) Will own the patching process being a part of patching team. 4) Coordinate with US, Bangalore and Pune(Cybage) teams in regards to Patching & vulnerability mitigation activities 5) While owning the patching process and patching being the core area the lead would work on, this lead is also expected to work on operation activities 6) Work closely with the Vulnerability Management Operations team. 7) Address the issues faced on the tools utilized by working with the respective team. Work on all the complex technical issues the team faces About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 Work Locations: P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 26, 2019, 3:51:51 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AD"	1
"Description Job Description Opening for Windows System Administrator, Bangalore location. Essential Skills : Windows 2003, Windows 2008, Windows 2012, DHCP, DNS, Tools : GFI Langaurd, Vistara and Active Directory. Desirable Skills : Storage - SAN, NAS, VMware, AWS. Experience : 5 to 8 years. Shift Type : Rotational shift. Responsibilities Should have hands on experience of configuring and supporting Windows Server 2003 / 2008 / 2012 environments. Responsible for setup, configuration, and troubleshooting of complex Windows environments (e.g., clustering, high availability, load balancing, etc.). Hands-on experience with the complete patch management lifecycle including testing, deploying, troubleshooting missing patches and patch issues, etc. utilizing the change management process and patch management and automation tools necessary to ensure compliance and successful audits. Responsible for administration and troubleshooting of all member servers (IIS, File-Print, Antivirus, Security & backup servers, hardware technologies SAN, NAS, Storage and related client side software) Should be well versed with ITIL concepts and more specific understanding of Service operations related processes. Should have industry standard certifications for Windows Server technology (MCITP), VCP, AWS. Proven experience in managing and building relationship with business partners and customer service Ability to work effectively as a team player, motivating team members. Document and update Manual Operating Procedures (MOPs). Hands-on working of scripting languages like PowerShell, VB, Batch and Windows WMI. Responsible for keeping management up to date on any outstanding production related issues. Thorough understanding of TCP/IP and IP addressing concepts. Must have very good verbal and written communication skills, should be able to chair and participate in conference calls with international customers. Hardware Platforms: Should have hands-on experience troubleshooting server class hardware mainly HP C7000 & C3000 Chassis, HP BladeSystem ProLiant Servers, HP BladeSystem Interconnects. Experience working in a Cisco Unified Compute Systems (UCS) environment Desired Candidate Profile Education : Any Graduate / Any Postgraduate / Engineer. Qualifications About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg."	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities Minimum qualifications - 4-year Computer Science degree or comparable experience, and 8+ years professional experience with 6 years in AEM. Responsibilities One should own the project design end-to-end Size and estimate development efforts. Analyze user requirements; Envisioning system features and functionality. Designs and develops user interfaces to internet/intranet applications by setting expectations and features priorities throughout development life cycle Studying and establishing connectivity with network systems, search engines, and information servers. Completes applications development by coordinating requirements, schedules, and activities; contributing to team meetings; -Troubleshooting development and production problems across multiple environments and operating platforms. - Supports users by developing architectural documentation and assistance tools Technical Skills Strong in AEM, Core Java, JSP, J2EE Worked on any of the Java frameworks like Spring, Struts Worked on any ORM framework like Hibernate In-depth understanding and implementation of Java/J2EE design patterns In-depth understanding and implementation of web services (REST or SOAP) In-depth understanding of UML diagrams Ability to build HLD's and LLD's using all those UML nuances Ability to understand the core architectural needs and Non-Functional-Requirements. Ability to define the integration design and architecture. Ability to define application and performance and load strategy. Strong knowledge of Content Management Systems and experience working with Adobe Marketing Cloud tools including Experience Manager and Scene 7. Hands on experience with designing and building AEM components and working with JCR, AEM workflows. Knowledge of using AEM in a cloud environment like Adobe Cloud, AWS, or other. Strong Web Programming skills: Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, JQUERY. Experience with front end frameworks such as Angular, React, and Bootstrap. Design, develop and support AEM components, integrations and applications Experience integrating Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics with AEM Experience with Adobe Target not required, but consider a huge plus. Experience with Portal or related technologies a plus About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-N1-Bangalore, India Work Locations: N1-Bangalore, India Bengaluru 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 4, 2019, 12:44:45 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AC"	1
"Job Profile A creative person with a good imagination and ability to think out of the box. Creative & passionate about 1 & produce effective communication Designing, creating, executing concepts for everything. Ability to understand the brief and quickly come up with a creative communication solution High sense of responsibility towards deadlines & maintain high standards of design work Must possess a knack for experimenting & zeal to explore new ways Ability to handle rejection and negative feedback Freshers with relevant experience may apply. Please share your updated resume and work portfolio along with current CTC details. VOLUME is a New Delhi based, branding and creative agency. Company URL : www.volume.in Job Type: Full-time"	1
"Job Profile : 1 & Installation Of Hoarding & Sign Board And Fitting Salary: 10000/- TO 12000/- Job Timing : 10am to 7pm Location : Waghodia Road , Vadodara Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required)"	1
"Job Summary JOB DESCRIPTION  The content developer will oversee all marketing content initiatives across multiple platforms and formats to drive engagement, retention, leads and positive customer behaviour.  Will need to develop insightful, creative and smart content for digital 1, social media and for the marketing campaigns.  Has to be able to collaborate with internal client servicing teams and clients to understand objectives and strategies that drive content execution.  Will have to oversee adherence to clients brand tone, voice & guidelines, including the reviewing and editing of it from other contributors for brand standard and compliance.  Will have to adapt to important changes in priority and client feedback on tight deadlines.  Create copy for email campaigns, social media, web projects (including articles/blogs), as well as for banner ads.  Implement best practices and quality assurance standards across all the digital projects.  He/she will not be engaged in generating video content - no creation, but can suggest on ideas, how to and what works, what's best and will channelize it.  This person should eventually become an expert in all things related to content and channel optimization, brand consistency, segmentation and localization, analytics and meaningful measurement with respect to all the brands and their content handled by us. QUALIFICATIONS:  Bachelor’s degree or higher in marketing, 1, business, English, creative writing, or similar fields.  2-3 years of content/copywriting experience.  Consistent record of crafting effective copy across several mediums and platforms.  Proven creative, digital copywriting portfolio.  Professionalism and pro-active approach regarding time, cost and deadlines.  Resourceful self-starter who has the ability to interact, communicate and present ideas/concepts to a team including clients & internally.  Demonstrated ability to work cohesively with a multidisciplinary team including client managers, graphic designers, developers, and videographers. Interested candidates are requested to mail updated CV with below details directly on siddharth.bigone@gmail. com Total Experience - Industry worked for - Applying Post - Relevant Experience - Currently Working or not - Current/Last CTC - Expected CTC - Notice Period - Current Location - Ready to relocate - Preferred Location - Call 8851163841 Whatsapp 7859860869 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹350,000.00 to ₹450,000.00 /year"	1
"Job description The Client Servicing Executive will serve as the primary business contact for our clients and our internal operations and technical teams for ensuring campaigns and any related managed services that we provide are properly delivered to the clients. You will proactively maintain good relation with our clients and ensure that our clients are able to receive the full benefits of our 1 products and services with great satisfaction. Key Responsibilities Proactively manage the campaigns and maintain good working relationship with clients' teams. Coordinate the involvement of client/agency, and internal operation/technical teams to ensure smooth delivery and meeting of expectation. Identify and propose the assigned 1 solution to client that can address their issues and challenges. Responsible for ensuring the profitability and continuation of the secured clients accounts. Develop critical understanding of 1 clients' business, products, and business objectives. Cultivate good business relationship and foster excellent communication with our new and existing clients and partners through adherence to our rules of engagement. Manage the overall performance objectives, expectations, and progress of the secured accounts and projects. Accountability and Performance Measures Meet assigned minimum appointment schedules. Maintains high clients satisfaction ratings that meets company standards. Desired Skills and Experience / Requirements At least 3 years of working experience in service-oriented roles, preferably in 1, digital media, digital marketing, IT and/or media sales Passionate and have good understanding and appreciation of the Web, digital media and 1 technology fields Creative, and analytical in understanding customers' needs to deliver them satisfying solutions; Be a problem solver Strong commitment to quality customer service with good interpersonal skills, initiative and prompt follow-through Strong account management skills and thrives in a multi-tasking environment and can adjust priorities on-the-fly Able to work under pressure in a dynamic and fast-paced environment Good knowledge and interest in latest industry trends, technology solutions and best practices Good command of written and communication in English Possess at least a Diploma in any field, preferably digital media or 1 or Marketing related."	1
"Greetings!! Company Brief: Jaro Toppscholars is Indias leading ed-tech company. With its content meticulously designed and developed under the supervision of excellent teachers, Top scholars aims at providing personalized learning, easy to understand concepts, mock tests etc. for the smarter generation. Jaro Toppscholars is powered by Jaro Education. Jaro Education is a leading organization into online education; having 18 offices in India and a staff strength of over 500 employees. We have enrolled over 1.2lac working professionals. The group turnover is 58 crs with a profit of 17 crs. Job Description: Responsible for direct reporting to the Director of the company. Develop PR campaigns and media relations strategies (through PR agencies, 1 agencies, etc.) Communicating with marketing teams. Organizing and attending promotional events such as press conferences, exhibitions, tours and visits and getting corporate tie-ups. Providing clients with information about new promotional opportunities and current PR campaigns. Analyzing media coverage and media onboarding (through media agencies, social media, etc.) Undertaking market research. Job Location: Sakinaka/Goregaon, Mumbai Remuneration: Up to 7 LPA"	1
"Deep understanding of and passion for e-commerce required. Experience in a highly analytical, results-oriented environment with external customer interaction required. Proven analytical skills and demonstrated ability to manage the business by the numbers. Must be metrics-driven. Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills and the ability to express thoughts logically and succinctly. Demonstrated active listening skills, highly consultative and solutions-oriented. Bachelor's degree required, MBA is preferred Are you customer obsessed, relentlessly focused on achieving high standards, street-smart and analytical, execution focused, hungry and passionate about e-commerce, an experienced sales executive with a strong work ethic? If yes, this opportunity will appeal to you. Amazon Seller Services is an important division of Amazon Inc., a multi-national company headquartered in Seattle, USA. The division aims to help sellers grow their business by offering services which leverage high quality Amazon capabilities. Amazon Seller Services is now looking to work with Indian retailers and offer them services which will scale their business. See www.amazonservices.com for services offered in US & www.services.amazon.in for product details in India. As a Sales Associate with Amazon Seller Services India, you will have the exciting opportunity to deliver Amazon’s offerings in India. You will be the face of Amazon to retailers for the services which Amazon will offer. The role will require engaging retailers at all points of their life cycle. You will have to identify and recruit retailers that deliver competitive pricing and broad product selection on the platform, train sellers on Amazon systems helping them integrate with our product platform and analyze seller performance metrics to help them become successful on our platform. The ideal candidate will have sales experience, ability to work in an environment with minimal supervision, comfortable working across multiple complex functions and capability to influence external parties. The candidate should be comfortable interfacing with technology systems, training other stakeholders on systems and processes and be able to analyze data and gather actionable conclusions. Operating in a rapidly changing environment will require the candidate to be adept at dealing with ambiguous, new and challenging situations. The candidate will be comfortable in executing repeatable processes. Role and Responsibilities: Understand products and services offered by Amazon Services and be able to articulate its functions and benefits to external audiences. Help define the seller base and industry verticals we target for various Amazon services using local knowledge. Identify valuable sellers and selection for Amazon services. Acquire retailers with valuable selection and establish long-term partnerships. Own and manage integration of portfolio of sellers and help them become self-reliant through basic training. Track and monitor performance and sales of key partners to manage their performance. Prior Experience and skills: More than 1+ years of experience in sales Bachelor's degree required, MBA is preferred Passion for e-commerce is required. Experience in an analytical, results-oriented environment with external customer interaction. Proven ability to manage the business “by the numbers”. Must be metrics-driven. Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills and the ability to express thoughts logically and succinctly. Experience working with SME retailers is an advantage. Experience with e-commerce, retail, 1, or media would be an advantage. Deep understanding of the retail and wholesale landscape in India with prior interactions with sellers and distributors is desirable. Experience selling nascent (embryonic/start-up) products/services into new markets is desired. Entrepreneurial drive and demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in an innovative and fast-paced environment. Ability to speak the local language is desirable Personal attributes and competencies: Demonstrated intense customer focus. Demonstrated highest level of integrity, intellectual honesty, and strong work ethic. Takes initiative. Doesn't wait to be asked. Plans efficiently. Consistent effort, intense commitment, perseverance and willingness to go above and beyond when needed. Strong team player, acts like an owner, and ultimately focused on delivering results with high standards. Proven ability to successfully thrive in an ambiguous environment and changing market conditions. Disciplined in executing repeatable operational processes. Has sound judgment and ability solve issues on the spot. Makes good decisions when analysis of data is not sufficient to reach a conclusion. Experience with e-commerce, retail, 1, or media would be an advantage Previous responsibility for strategic development, product management or product marketing, revenue targets and quotas is highly desirable. Deep understanding of the retail and wholesale landscape in India with prior interactions with sellers and distributors is desirable. Experience selling nascent (embryonic/start-up) products/services into new markets is desirable."	1
"Write to : jobs@educategirls.ngo Please clearly state: Role and Location you are applying for Current/Last drawn compensation - Expected compensation Designation Head – Communications (General Manager) Location Head Office Employment type Renewable fixed term contract Report to Global Development Director Functional reportees Deputy Manager Communications, Regional Communication Officers Employment level Senior Organization Background Established in 2007, Educate Girls (a project of 'Foundation to Educate Girls Globally') is committed to the Government’s vision to improve access to education for children, especially young girls, by involving the local government and communities. The organisation has helped to ensure over 90% enrolment and higher attendance as well as improved school infrastructure, quality of education and learning outcomes for all girls. Our comprehensive model helps communities assess their school situation, initiate action plans and empowers them to sustain positive results at the lowest cost. Educate Girls believes that if girls in the most backward gender gap districts are educated now, they will have the potential to enter the formal economy, gain employment and lift their families out of poverty. By leveraging the government's existing investment in schools, Educate Girls delivers measurable results to a large number of beneficiaries and avoids duplication or parallel delivery of services. Because of the sustainability and scalability of the model, Educate Girls has grown from a 500-school pilot project in the Pali district of Rajasthan to now serving thousands of schools, reaching millions of children in some of India's most remote areas. The non-governmental organization has a management and outreach office in Mumbai and operations in Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh and is committed to launching interventions in multiple new geographies across India over the coming years. For further details about organisation please visit www.educategirls.ngo Our Values Gender Equality Being able to treat people equally irrespective of gender Integrity Possess the ability to “know and do” what is right Excellence Being outstanding or extremely good, striving to lead by performance excellence Working effectively and inclusively with a range of people both within and outside of the Collaboration organization Being able to understand and share the feelings of another and use that understanding Empathy to guide our actions Our Competencies Strategic Thinking – Think big yet Taking Ownership – Feel Analytical Thinking – Stay true to act focused responsible & accountable your data Developing Talent – Growing and taking people Ensuring Alignment – Think differently but work together together Job Profile Building on the scale and achievements of the past 11 years, Educate Girls will be expanding its operations between 2019 & 2024 to reach 16 million children across 31 educationally backward districts in northern and central India. To this end, we are seeking to onboard a senior member in the communications team to further strengthen the brand ‘Educate Girls’ in India and internationally. The Head of Communications will lead and be responsible for Educate Girls’ strategic direction for integrated communications and brand salience whilst driving engagement with partners and key stakeholders. Reporting to the Global Development Director, the position will be responsible for the development and implementation of long-term and short-term communications strategy with clearly defined objectives and budgetary projections. You will guide a team of managers and regional officers to plan and executive a broad range of activities to increase brand visibility, manage brand perceptions and fortify relations with various stakeholders as well as support the efforts of other functions. Working closely with the founder and senior leadership, you help communicate their ideas and viewpoints to establish them as thought leaders. The position will operate out of the head office in Mumbai but will required to travel extensively to program locations in India. Certain projects may entail travel outside of India. Areas of Responsibility These include but are not limited to the following, Implement Marketing Communications Strategies: Develop and implement integrated communications and marketing strategies for the organisation and other functions. Develop brand design campaigns, marketing collaterals, annual reports, newsletters, audio-visual material, stationary & merchandise. Identify other relevant marketing opportunities. Set communications budget and track utilization. Brand Management: Conduct a brand audit to define brand positioning statement, core messages and the appropriate media mix. As custodian of the brand, you will be responsible for developing and promoting clear guidelines for brand representation and ensure consistency in visual and verbal communication. Help make sure that the organisation’s philosophy, mission and vision are conveyed and practiced throughout the organization. Manage brand reputation including crisis management. Stakeholder Communications and Engagement: Leverage present partnerships and forge new strategic partnerships to augment brand reach and awareness. Provide communications support to donors and partners and build co-branded campaigns to drive interest and engagement. Digital Communications: Oversee content and analytics of the organisation’s website and blog and manage brand pages on various social media platforms. Create engaging content specific to each platform and devise and execute online campaigns to boost engagement. Map and reach out to influencers. Drive online fundraising initiatives. Create and disseminate e-mailers. Study trends and manage online queries and comments. Evaluate efforts against set matrices and budget. Public Relations: Serve as the primary media contact for media queries and further co-ordination for interviews. Track coverage of press releases and other publications written by/about the organisation. Stay informed of market drivers and industry news and share insights with the teams. Train regional teams and spokespersons so they can appropriately manage queries from regional journalists. Nominate the company and members of the management team for relevant awards. Assist leadership in drafting articles, reports and journals. Represent the organisation at relevant forums for networking. Event Management: Conceptualize and execute events for increasing brand visibility and engaging with various audiences. Conceptualize and curate events to engage with key stakeholders like the Government, impact investors and the media. Supervise the event, create collaterals as required, manage guest relations and track expenses. Promote the event through various media vehicles. Preferred Education and Experience  A Graduate / Post-Graduate / Master’s degree from a reputed university in Mass Communication, Marketing or 1, Development Communications or related field.  12+ years of relevant work experience in marketing communications with exposure to PR, 1 and online-offline marketing.  Proven track record in developing and leading comprehensive communication plans created under various budgetary considerations.  Experience in agency management.  Prior experience in non-profit or education sectors will be an advantage.  Should have managed a team. Preferred Skills  Excellent written, interpersonal and presentation skills with the ability to effectively interact with internal and external stakeholders.  Fluency in English (written and spoken) and in Hindi (primarily spoken) is required.  Public speaking.  Use of storytelling while presenting complex ideas in an engaging manner.  Creative aptitude combined with aesthetics.  Strong networks with key media.  Pragmatic approach allowing flexibility to adapt to on ground conditions as well as media trends.  Resource and time management skills as well as problem-solving.  Proficiency in MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)  Basic knowledge of graphic designing, print production, photo-video production and social media analytics. “Educate Girls is committed to achieving 50/50 gender balance in its staff. Female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply for this position.”"	1
"Jigserv Digital Private Limited (www.jigserv.com) is a full service Digital Marketing Company. It has an innovative Digital Marketing Platform which helps advertisers optimize the returns on the digital media spends across multiple digital channels like Search, Social Media and Display Media. Headquartered in Mumbai, Jigserv has operations in India, UK and US. Work Location Mumbai Responsibility Jigserv is looking for an Art Director / Sr. Visualizer to work on Digital Marketing and Communications assignments of its Enterprise Customers. This will require Creative Ideation, Visualisation and the digital execution with great user experience design. The role will also carry the responsibility to work on the UI / UX design of Jigserv’s innovative marketing platform which optimizes media spends across multiple media channels like Search, Display and Social. Required Tools Knowledge: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Dreamweaver. Web Development and HTML5. Mobile Site design and Mobile Applications experience will be good to have. Regular responsibilities will include: Design and Development of Microsite and Landing Pages for Online Campaigns Design and Management of User Experience for Web Applications a. Design and Development of Interface for Web Applications b. Mobile Applications Design and Development Conceptualization, Design and Execution of Digital Campaign Strategies for our clients Skills Online 1 Skills and experience is primary but a broader exposure to various online media channels including Display Media and Social Media will be preferred. Candidate should be on top of the industry trends in Online Media and should be able to evaluate new media technologies and conceptualize/ architect and end to end solution for advertisers. EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Graduate with some formal design education preferred. 5+ years of experience in design for online media and internet related business. Prior experience in Digital Marketing and Communications preferred. REMUNERATION Earning will be industry standard. Learning, however, will be far beyond industry standard. Interested? Apply with your resume at jobs@jigserv.com"	1
"Experience 3+ yrs Role & Responsibilities Strategies, Planning, Trafficking & reporting of Display and social media ad campaigns. Set-Up Account strategies on RTB platforms, Optimize different Brand, performance campaigns per clients’ objective. Skill Set Experience with known DSPs like DBM, Mediamath or TURN. Excellent understanding of display 1 eco system like GDN, Yahoo! or adnetworks Expert knowledge of pixel, Tags functionalities, Display or Facebook 1 experience"	1
"An advanced degree in Computer Science, Math of related field, with 3+ years of relevant experience. - Programming experience in Java / C++ (or equivalent OO language) - - - Strong problem solving skills; adaptability, proactivity and willingness to take ownership and deal with ambiguity Experience building and operating high-performance, highly-available and scalable distributed systems Self-directed and capable of working effectively in a dynamic environment. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation Are you passionate about creating new opportunities for the brands on top of Amazon’s 1 ecosystem? Are you passionate about working on trending Amazon technologies and tools to help build real-time, performant and scalable solutions for advertisers? We build and enhance the services that interfaces between Amazon Ad products and IN Brand advertisers through which most of the Ads revenue flows. The mission of the team is to enhance and simplify the experience of the advertiser while they use the Amazon ecosystem to advertise their products and increase their reach. Our products and services are used by advertisers of all sizes – from world’s largest brands to small businesses. We cater to both managed and self-serve advertisers while improving adoption, convenience, communication, payments, billing, reporting, etc. We also own targeting, relevance and data management aspects of Brand Ads. We work closely with the Product Managers, Designers, Account Managers and other brand advertisers with a focus on scale, performance and impact. Our tech stack covers a wide range of technologies giving exposure to develop full stack engineering skills, though we are heavily server side centric with majority of the changes on services and some on Web UI. We use a plethora of AWS technologies including S3, SNS, Dynamo, SQS, Glue, Athena, Redshift, Lambda, etc. Job functions: As a Software engineer on the team: You will own end to end implementation of large customer facing products, starting from design through implementation. You will participate in designing and implementing key functional areas of the customer experience, including website applications and platform services. You will own designing and building functional components, including code reviews, testing, deployment and post-launch monitoring You will work extensively with cross-functional teams across Amazon's website, ecommerce and advertisement systems on the design and development of core Ads functionality You will work with the business team and project managers to convert functional requirements into detailed technical specifications. You will work with engineers both onsite and offsite to define technical tasks and build detailed implementation plans. You will own operating our products, driving excellence in feature stability, performance and flexibility. Advanced degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related field Distributed systems, Amazon Web Services - S3, SQS, SNS, Dynamo, EC2 or equivalent Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project"	1
"The role will be responsible for Digital Marketing, create and drive execution of marketing plans, develop and scale the marketing shared services with an end objective to create business impact.The key areas that the role will focus on are : - Lead and execute the digital marketing strategy for company. He/She will play a crucial role in driving the digital marketing agenda to achieve Brand Awareness and grow revenues. This will span across the complete digital marketing mix - website, search, social, email/database marketing, 1 and content marketing campaigns.- The individual should be hands-on in leveraging digital marketing mix with a strong, in-depth knowledge of the nuances of each of the elements. At the same time, he/she should be proficient with web/digital technologies - CMS, various marketing tools and upcoming, disruptive marketing technologies.- Create a seamless brand experience across the owned, earned and paid platforms. The individual is expected to deliver user experience based on insights. Towards the same drive development of new innovative features, functionalities for the owned platforms. At the same time, he/she, will collaborate with the various functional teams to ensure that the insights are integrated to deliver relevant content and services for the user.- Support Global Demand Generation programs to grow revenues. He/She will collaborate closely with the US marketing team to execute and sustain demand generation programs. One of the key focus areas would be database marketing to generate leads.- The individual will be responsible to improve and scale up the database marketing program.- Build, manage and grow the Marketing Shared Services. The Marketing Shared Services engine, based out of Mumbai, is critical to running and scaling up global marketing initiatives. The Shared Services include Digital, Content, Design, Analytics, Marketing Ops and Technology The individual will work closely with the top management to build various competencies, oversee recruitment, day-to-day team management, training and retention of the team of marketing professionals. He/She will also oversee the investment in key marketing related technologies / infrastructure.- Improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the Marketing Programs through Analytics. The individual will be responsible for tracking, measuring, reporting and generating insights from data generated from marketing programs. He/She will enable to the global marketing organization to take data driven decisions through strong collaboration and regular dissemination of insights (weekly, monthly and quarterly).- Build a high performance team. The individual will be responsible for growing and leading a team of high performance marketing professionals. The ability to attract marketing specialists and retaining high performers will be a key focus area for this role.- Develop and scale vendor ecosystem. He/She will create an effective ecosystem of global vendors to support the marketing requirements. The individual will support identification, on boarding, management and evaluation of vendors.- The ideal candidate will be a strong marketing professional with hands-on digital marketing experience along with proven ability to turn strategy into action.- As we compete with the best, across the globe, we are seeking an individual who would have minimum 12 years of marketing experience with a reputable organization. A mix of B2B exposure would be highly preferred. The ideal candidate would have worked with global teams, especially the US. Understanding and appreciation of US corporate culture is required. Some work experience in the US is preferred.- The person would have strong experience in leveraging technology for marketing programs."	1
"Description DIRECTOR: SALES – Epsilon Based in BANGALORE or MUMBAI or NEW DELHI ABOUT US…. Epsilon is a global marketing company, part of Alliance Data, a leading provider of marketing, loyalty, and credit solutions. Epsilon provides unique solutions that strategically combine analytics, rich data and technology to solve marketing problems. 15 of the top 20 global brands trust us to deliver and create personalized experiences, build lasting relationships, and get the most value from their marketing dollars. We employ 8000+ Associates in 60 offices worldwide. For more info go to epsilon.com PURPOSE OF THE ROLE…. Epsilon India is the newest member in the Epsilon family. We have been scaling our India operations at a rapid pace over the last 2.5 years and have established Epsilon India as the global talent hub that delivers high quality mar-tech products and services to various clients globally. As we continue to scale and grow, we are looking for sales leaders who can connect with major brands in India and advise those brands on how to make virtual one to one personalized connections with their customers. The ideal candidate will be an expert at creating relationships with some of the most desired Indian as well as global brands by understanding the needs of these enterprises and bringing relevant solutions to drive their marketing agenda. KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY…. The Director of Sales will drive new business opportunities for Epsilon’s solutions and services in the Indian market and grow our client base in this region. The incumbent will support prospective and existing clients and grow our customer base and top line revenue in India. Specifically, the Director of Sales will have the following roles and responsibilities: Own and drive top line revenue growth for Epsilon India and be responsible for new business development as per defined sales targets. Overtime, there will be potential to drive new business development and revenue targets across the Middle East and APAC regions Provide inputs into the strategic sales planning process Be accountable for all business development leads for Epsilon India Connect with key influencers and decision makers in potential client organization and develop relationships Develop a strong understanding of Epsilon’s mar-tech offerings and be able to articulate a convincing value proposition for the client based on their business needs Solution the offerings for clients based on Epsilon offerings and client requirements Help evolve a robust roadmap for Epsilon’s mar-tech offerings by identifying trending mar-tech capabilities in the Indian market Lead conversations with CMO/Brand Directors of prospective clients and serve as their trusted advisors to enable them invest to and optimize their returns on mar-tech spend Work closely with the internal Clients, Client Services, Product & Delivery teams to drive sales of Epsilon’s mar-tech offerings in the Indian market Nurture business development opportunities by coordinating with internal teams on all aspects of the solution design, service delivery and pricing through the business development process Acts as voice of customer across the organization and champion Epsilon’s products and solutions with the customer Manage, train, hire, mentor, and develop new sales associates Have a strong growth mindset by relentlessly pursuing new opportunities with clients QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE…. We are looking for a Sales Director with proven experience in building & scaling word class sales organizations. Specifically, s/he should: Have strong Marketing Technology AND/OR Digital Agency experience be passionate about client success be viewed as a trusted advisor to clients create value by solving real business problems, and understand the value of coordinating and working in teams The incumbent is required to have the following qualifications: Solid experience with a minimum of 13+ years’ in new business development/client leadership within digital marketing, 1 technology, and interactive services. Experience with managing digital marketing opportunities greater than $1million in annual program expenditures Past experience as a team player who can work with multiple departments to deliver results A self-starter who is resourceful and creative with their approach to getting things done Excellent written and verbal communications HOW YOUR WORK WILL BE MEASURED…. The Director of Sales will be measured on the following key performance areas: Achieve/exceed planned Sales Revenue & Contribution Margin across Epsilon’s solutions Drive growth in Sales (# customers & TCV) Ensure highest levels of customer satisfaction by working collaboratively with Client Services, Product & Delivery teams We offer an excellent work environment, great benefits and pay! Please apply if you are interested. #LI-MP1 Qualifications About Epsilon Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivalled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ Affiliate, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest that help drive business growth for brands. Recognized by Ad Age as the #1 World’s Largest CRM/Direct Marketing Network, #1 Largest U.S. Agency from All Disciplines and #1 Largest U.S. Mobile Marketing Agency, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. Epsilon is an Alliance Data company. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Alliance Data provides equal employment opportunities without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Alliance Data participates in E-Verify Great people deserve great benefits We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career. From tuition reimbursement to scholarship programs to employee stock purchase plans and 401(k)s, we offer associates a variety of benefits that work as hard for them as they work for us. Conditions of Employment All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which, unless prohibited by applicable law, may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting."	1
"Job Summary: We are looking for aContent Writer for our company in Gurugram Location. Role & Responsibilities: Gather & research information and write relevant content as per the requirements. Responsible for filtering information into clear and concise text Present content in the most engaging manner. Convert technical and digital information and processes into compelling stories. Create grammatically correct and quality content across different verticals. Create engaging, creative, innovative content for regularly scheduled posts handbooks for creative content. Track popular music, video and various shows trending in India. Coordinate with relevant team members to make creative content. Create 1 liner description for videos. Improve/Edit/Suggest the content in the app. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 1-3 years experience as a Copywriter in 1, PR agencies Media, Communication or Journalism. Strong researching and Strong editing skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills Knowledge of social media platforms. Job Type: Full-time"	1
"We are looking for a Talent Acquisition Specialist to join our recruitment team. with 2-8 years of experience in Recruitments, talent acquisition, HR recruitments, human resource background, etc. Fluency in written and spoken English. About the employer: Anther Human Resource Solutions expertise in recruitments across verticals like Media & 1, Information Technology and FMCG/Pharma with ongoing business relations with clients like, Asian Paints , Glitch , Digitas, FCB Ulka, Godrej Industries (Consumer, Retail and the Chemical Division), Digitas, FoxyMoron, FCB Ulka, Chimpnzinc, Radio Mirchi, Dentsu Group,Contract to name a few. visit www.anther.co.in for more details Responsibilities Coordinate with the clients to identify staffing needs and recruitment solutions Determine selection criteria Talent acquisition / Source potential candidates through online channels (e.g. social platforms and professional networks) Plan interview and selection procedures, including screening calls. Assess candidate information, including resumes and contact details, using our Applicant Tracking System Proven work experience as a Talent Acquisition Specialist or similar role Familiarity with social media, resume databases and professional networks Hands-on experience with full-cycle recruiting using various interview techniques and evaluation methods Excellent verbal and written communication skills A keen understanding of the differences between various roles within organizations Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Commission, Fresher Salary: ₹250,000.00 to ₹500,000.00 /year Experience: Recruitment: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English (Required)"	1
"Description Responsibilities As a Front-End Developer for Epsilon, your primary mission will be to code high performance sites for our enterprise clients. These will include web sites, mobile apps, intranets, commerce solutions and community sites. Your expertise with front-end technologies, including, HTML, CSS and JavaScript, as well as background in CMS technologies (specifically Sitecore) will be critical when developing highly scalable sites and working with other engineers on the team. Previous experience in an agency or consulting environment along with superb written and verbal communication skills will serve you well as you work with other engineers, design and project management teams, and clients. You will position yourself for career advancement by integrating seamlessly into our tight-knit team and emerging as a trusted resource for other developers. This is your opportunity to join one of the top interactive agencies in the nation and create best-in-class sites that will be viewed by millions of users. Technical Skills: 5+ years of experience creating engaging digital experiences with consumer-focused web applications or online marketing/1 solutions. 5+ years writing HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Strong coding skills with JavaScript (including basic DOM manipulation, event handlers, etc.) Strong experience working with and developing on the Sitecore content management system platform. Experience with JQuery Successful track record of delivering complete solutions within realistic budget and schedule requirements. Strive to use web standards to build solutions using semantic markup and CSS. Understanding of all major browsers and the special considerations required for their various quirks. Strong sense of visual design (while you may not be an expert with Photoshop or Illustrator, you still have an eye for aesthetics). Experience with source version control using Git. Experience with stylesheet languages (SASS or LESS) Experience with .NET is a plus. Qualifications Conditions of Employment All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting. About Epsilon Epsilon is the global leader in creating connections between people and brands. An all-encompassing global marketing company, we harness the power of rich data, groundbreaking technologies, engaging creative and transformative ideas to get the results our clients require. Recognized by Ad Age as the #1 World CRM/Direct Marketing Network and #1 U.S. Agency from All Disciplines, Epsilon employs over 7,000 associates in more than 70 offices worldwide. Epsilon is an Alliance Data company. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com, follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg or call 1.800.309.0505."	1
"Job Description Role & Responsibilities Key Duties and Responsibilities: (A) Sales: Preparation of Sales Forecasts for Karnataka and Tamilnadu territories Execution and Implementation of Sales Plans for the territory/area and achieve the sales revenue target Adherence to the Quarterly Rolling Sales Plan as communicated by the reporting manager (B) Account Receivables / Collections: Achieving the collection targets for the territory/area Follow up on EMD, Security deposits Achievement of targets as per the collection plans every month (C) Credit Control Policies: Adherence and implementation of Credit Control Policies (D) No Claim Certificate (NCC): Obtain the No Claim Certificate from all the Distributors and Rep quarterly and ensure that the reconciliation is done half yearly E) Submission of Reports: Submission of all prescribed reports (Daily Sales Report, Monthly and Quarterly MIS, etc) and updation of data on Lead Portal and Opportunity Funnel (G) Market Intelligence Report (MIR): Preparation of the Market Intelligence Report based on product performance, feedback on quality and submission to the reporting manager (H) Market Expansion / New Markets: Identification of new Key Accounts, Distributors/Channel partners and Direct trade opportunities. Awareness regarding competitor’s activities in the market and information in terms of pricing, schemes, systems/procedures etc Follow up with Marketing team for organizing exhibitions, live demos etc. as per business requirements in the territory/area (I) Distribution / Channel Management: Handle the responsibility for Distributor Management and Direct selling including the accounts reconciliation. Compliance to the Credit Control Policies of the Company. Maintenance of a professional rapport and no commitments/communication on business issues to be done verbally. All communication to have a written approval from the Commercial Leader Establishment of an effective rapport with the Accounts team. Updating of the Distributor/Key accounts/Dealer accounts on an ongoing basis and compliance to all accounting policies (J) Marketing and 1: Follow the marketing and 1 strategies proposed by Marketing Head / . Planning in advance the schemes, which suit the local market, region, market segment (K) Other Operational Responsibilities: Establishing a working rapport with the service counterparts and ensuring proper after sales service in your territory/area Adherence to the company norms with regards to expenses guidelines by the Company. Adherence to company norms with regards to financial commitments to the trade Education / Qualification: Postgraduate in science (Biotechnology / Biochemistry/ Microbiology/Chemistry/ Analytical Chemistry) Biology / Chemistry background with MBA in Marketing Graduate in Life Sciences/Chemistry with MBA / MMA / PG Experience Requirements: Track record of achievement in Sales, Marketing and Business Development roles majorly in Pharma/Bio-pharma sector At least 5-8 years in the Consumables/ Chemicals/ Life Sciences industry Having a rapport with Pharma QA / QC / Production and Purchase Department is a must. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities required for this role: Knowledge: In-depth knowledge of the life sciences / analytical industry (pharma and biopharma) Knowledge of Laboratory Consumable business would be a distinct advantage Skills: Strong communication skills Good analytical skills Abilities: Teamwork Independent, quick decision making ability Strong evidence of ability to implement and execute plans"	1
"Job Description We are looking for an 1 specialist who has the requisite experience in soliciting advertisements in the online industry. His job entails creating adequate interest about our sites among industry clients, media buying houses and 1 agencies with the aim of selling advertisement related products to them. The primary objective is to understand specific endorsement requests of clients and bring in new business to the organization. This involves identification of prospective clients and their advertisement needs. The ability to liaison with advertisement agencies and media buying houses is a prerequisite. Key Responsibilities: Devising an appropriate portfolio of advertisement products for our websites that can be offered to clients and media buying houses. Interacting with clients, media buying houses and advertisement agencies to solicit advertisements. Providing backend support, if necessary with our in-house design and software teams, for clients in case of a need to do so. Working hard and sticking to timelines and revenue targets. Generating invoices for clients and chasing up on payments. Qualification: MBA (Marketing) or Equivalent. Experience 0-6 years How to apply Email your CV at hr@indianpetro.com( Mention the job title in the subject field for quick consideration.)"	1
"Set the agenda and provide strategic leadership across the commercial data and analytics value chain. Partner with these key executives to ask the right questions, and then deliver insights—through data and analytics—that have significant impact on customers and create value for both Customers and SSL. Integrate the results of individual market research studies along with data analytics and other information to summarize key insights and drive formulation of brand strategy and tactics. Partner with content experts to research, design, and refine survey questions and data instruments. Evaluate external partnerships and technologies to improve scope and scale of data analytics offerings to members. Should be able to ideate, conceptualize and create analytics offerings in line with current business demands in the Insurance Industry. Manages a team of business analysts that use business data and statistical methods to provide insight into business performance and suggest area for and methods of improving operations. Developing new applications for the web – hosting the same on our website in coordination with IT Team. Responsible for the integrity of data between various applications and ensuring the same with STT. Responsible for the data warehouse requirements for the First Citizen team. Provide thought –leadership and be accountable for all Analytics & Research for various Projects. Developing and implementing the marketing strategy to accelerate the revenue and footfall growth. The role supports the overall business strategy by directing various activities of marketing including, branding, digital marketing, shopper marketing, PR, new product development, business analytics and loyalty programs through guided market and consumer research. Implementing the digital customer experience strategy which included among others endless aisle, social media marketing, influencer marketing, content marketing, marketing automations, personal shopper program with data intelligence, mobile based net promoter score system and digitization of the loyalty program. Developing the business analytics strategy and built customer centric campaigns which, resulted in an increase in share of business by loyalty members across the enterprise and including for both stores and online channels Leveraged social media data to measure and manage channel, content and media performance Driving business outcomes based on understanding of the customer purchase through business analytics and customer lifecycle management Introducing the business analytics and customer insights practice within the organization Handling the team & mentoring them in Loyalty , Research , Analytics Evaluating ROI on initiatives taken Defining SOPs for CRM & Loyalty Operations Initiating discussion & closing in partner / vendor alliances as per requirement. Executing all 1 and Direct Marketing communication with the Loyalty Program Built strategic external alliances and partnerships with vendors to boost consumer advantages beyond the normal discounts and offers Implemented data analytics enhancing acquisition of new members, revenue generation targeting and upward migration of members across the value chain. CRM/Loyalty: Customer Life cycle management, segmentation, tiering, cross sell, new customer acquisition, Campaign planning & calendaring the CRM & Loyalty initiatives for the year. Analytics: Data Driven Decision making for insight & strategy driven CRM approach. Measuring ROI on CRM initiatives & incremental revenue generated through campaigns. Predictive Modelling, Association, Scoring etc. • Implemented data analytics enhancing acquisition of new members, revenue generation targeting and upward migration of members across the value chain."	1
"Maintain ongoing promotion and 1. Assess and select artwork Oversee the type of artwork sold Plan, organise, present and market exhibitions and shows, including responsibility for public relations Work closely with individual artists, develop relationships with new artists, and extend relationships with established artists. Promote exhibitions and work by individual artists Curate shows in cooperation with artists and technicians Organise equipment hire and ensure correct installation of the artwork Negotiate with gallery managers and curators from other galleries Develop client lists by notifying potential clients of particular works and exhibitions, according to their interests. Extend the client database Develop and update the gallery website Promote and sell artists work, through both exhibitions and personal contacts Keep up to date with industry developments and market trends. Salary: INR 6,50,000 - 13,00,000 P.A. Industry: 1 / PR / MR / Event Management Functional Area: Marketing, 1, MR, PR, Media Planning Role Category: Creative Role: Art Director/Senior Art Director Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Excellent organisational ability. Strong written and oral communication skills. The ability and confidence to deal with a range of people. Team working skills and the ability to lead and motivate a team. A genuine interest in and enthusiasm for art. Creative flair. Education- UG: B.A - Any Specialization, Arts&Humanities, Fine Arts, History PG: M.A - Any Specialization, Arts & Humanities, Fine arts, History, PR/ 1 Job Type: Full-time"	1
"Annalect is looking for Ad Operations Manager this role of the Manager is a key position within the Ad operation team. Ad Operation Manager will report to the Sr. Director of Client Services and serve a critical role managing technology deployment, troubleshooting and reporting related to Integral s services. The position requires close interaction with Integral s sales and account management teams as well as frequent contact with the product and engineering departmentsResponsibilitiesManaging day-to-day technical relationships with top-tier ad agencies, brands, and media partnersPrepping, launching, and maintaining technical aspects of all campaignsFlexible working in Night shift.Troubleshooting tag-related issues, reporting/delivery discrepancies, and implementation concernsPulling and reviewing performance data to ensure proper delivery and improve client performanceCommunicating technical product needs and opportunities to account and product development teamsPerforming daily QA and integrating quality control into standard operating procedureContinuous process improvementsSupervising growth, development, and productivity of ad operations team"	1
"This is a full-time role based on a work-from-home model. The candidate will be working according to U.S. hours. Please find the details below: Requirements: – Someone who can join us on an immediate basis – Someone with PR experience/operations experience – Candidate should be well versed with English and Hindi languages – Someone who is well versed with websites like Fiverr, Freelancer, etc. – Good communication skills – Solution oriented approach – Organized person Key Responsibilities: – The role requires finding vendors for publications – Coordinating with internal team members – Establishing partnerships with news publications – Searching and maintaining a database of project related information – The person will be working U.S hours (6.00pm to 3.00am IST) – Negotiation on requirements and price points is a must Compensation: Range of compensation is Rs.25,000 to Rs.30,000p.m (Rs.3,00,000 to Rs.3,60,000 p.a.) Job Location: No location! Candidate has the flexibility to work from home or any location of their choice. Timings: 6.00pm to 3.00am IST (8.30am to 5.30pm EST) Industry: Marketing and 1, Internet, Online Media Employment Type: Full-time, US shift Apply Now Name * Email * Contact Number * Enter your direct contact number including country code Relevant Experience * Total Experience * Linked In Profile URL Upload your CV * Only .pdf or .doc or .docx files are acceptable Are you comfortable with the CTC on offer? * Yes No Message Submit"	1
"Hiring a full-time Sr. Client Servicing Executive for our agency located in Mumbai at Andheri (E). The Role and Responsibility are as follows: Responsibilities: Serve as a day-to-day point of contact for multiple clients Understanding client goals/objectives and their content needs – press coverages, Wikipedia and verifications. Strike close relationships with clients Identify growth / upselling opportunities from the client portfolio and drive revenue Work closely with the internal team to meet client goals Research and prepare client presentations, reports and conduct in-person client meetings Research on industry & competitor trends to apply best practices to client portfolio Research & keep current on emerging online trends and best practices within digital marketing industry Maintain a proactive approach towards clients Requirement: Excellent communication skills – both verbal and written Working knowledge of content marketing Minimum experience of 3 years in managing high ticket clients Excellent interpersonal skills with proven expertise in client servicing Minimum experience of 3 years in a client servicing role Experience in dealing with digital media publishers Excellent time management and organizational skills Proactive and a self-starter Strategic thinker with hand on experience Interested candidates can send their resume to hr@faciliusinc.com with your full-name and ‘Sr. Client Servicing Executive’ as the subject line. Compensation: upto 60,000 p.m (depending upon prior experience and last drawn CTC) Job Location: Remote Working Hours: 7 pm to 4 am Industry: Marketing and 1, Internet, Online Media Employment Type: Full-time Contact details: Facilius Inc.(www.faciliusinc.com) / hr@faciliusinc.com Apply Now Name * Email * Contact Number * Enter your direct contact number including country code Relevant Experience * Total Experience * Linked In Profile URL Upload your CV * Only .pdf or .doc or .docx files are acceptable Are you comfortable with the CTC on offer? * Yes No Phone Submit"	1
"Primary Function Innovations: Develop strategic understanding of brand innovation needs and new opportunities based on consumer trends Lead Idea generation process to feed into a robust and sustainable Innovation funnel Lead the consumer validation process at all stage gates and deliver to the agreed Innovation calendar Finalize the marketing mix development in dialogue with all stakeholders Own the final consumer validation of all initiatives Own the first 36-month performance metrics of all new initiatives BFC – Plain Oats: Independently drive top line growth and brand health for the brand through development of marketing strategy / brand road map and mix development work in line with strategic road map Will be in charge of brand development, brand building & the innovation agenda on the brand Principal Duties & Responsibilities Innovations: The person will own and lead the work on all Innovation development initiatives: Lead the ideation process - work with the I&P team to develop hunting grounds which will form the platform for future innovations Develop the 3 year strategic innovation plan across the portfolio – breakfast & snacks Deliver targeted level of new product initiatives every year, own volume and financial targets for all innovations for first 36 months Lead the innovation process by working closely with R&D, Legal, SC, Sales, Finance & the agencies - Develop consumer validated concepts Bring alive the concepts in terms of 6P Lead the development of the consumer & shopper communication for launch from concept to creative Develop & execute the media plan for the new launches Lead the in-market launch with sales team Own the P&L of the new innovation Track the in-market post launch Be the custodian of the innovation process for the company & build organization capability in delivering successful innovations Work closely with the global teams on the global projects from idea to execution BFC – Plain Oats: Brand performance to achieve target Leading the brand strategy Develop the 3 year strategic brand plans & create a roadmap in terms of 6Ps Develop the annual brand activity calendar basis the strategic brand plan Lead the proposition development work on the brand Promotion Planning and execution Budget tracking Lead the brand innovation agenda Working Relationships: Reports to whom- Reporting to Associate Director – Snacking and Innovations Peer Relationships - Global Innovation team, Other functional departments, 1 agency, Media agency, Research agency, Packaging/ Design agencies, Representatives from media and entertainment industry, Local and global vendors, Work Environment The position calls for seamless working with stake holders, teamwork and project management competencies will be a key requirement. Preferred Education & Experience MBA/ PGDM in Sales/Marketing 3+ yrs experience with at least 2 years of brand management/ marketing experience in FMCG domain At least 2 year experience in innovation/ New Product Development in FMCG domain where he/she has been responsible for end-to-end delivery of taking new product ideas to in-market delivery Experience in Global companies in Innovation with strong process knowledge Job Function Marketing Primary Location IN-MH-Greater Mumbai Job Type Professional Closing Date Jun 10, 2019, 11:59:00 PM Relocation Assistance Yes"	1
"Job Summary Urgent Requirement of a highly creative, self motivated, dedicated, committed Visualiser required to work on 1 Campaigns and Creative Designing for Brochure, Magazine Ads, Newsletter, Annual Reports, Social media Posts should have complete knowledge of print, video and web. Candidate with Art background preferred. Candidates who can join by March 1st week 2019 can apply. Candidates with 15 to 20 days of joining time should apply. Responsibilities and Duties Responsibilities are as follows : Should be able to understand complete client brief and workout creatives entirely based on the brief. Should be able to take client briefs. Should understand printing i.e. offset printing, screen printing as well as digital printing. Should be able create print ready files for all types of printing Should be innovative in his ideas and creatives and should think out of the box Should be fast in the deliverables Should have worked in an agency for at least 1 years Should know about web technology - creating PSD mockups for websites, landing pages, emailers, Social Media Posts Should have knowledge of photography Should have complete knowledge of selection of Fonts / Colors / Images / Layout Perspectives etc. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Candidate should possess the following skills Highly skilled using softwares like Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Indesign. Additional Skills of using Adobe Premier, Adobe Illustrator and 3D softwares would be added advantage Additional Skills of drawing Illustration, Photography would be highly appreciated. Benefits Assured Monthly salary Increments based on Performance. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English, Hindi, Marathi (Required)"	1
"Primary responsibility would be to research and analyze the outputs and segregation of the output based on the given criteria. Prepare reports of findings, illustrating data graphically and translating complex findings into written text. Measure the effectiveness of marketing, 1, and communications programs and strategies. Gather data on competitors and analyze their prices, sales, and method of marketing and distribution. Research and gather information related to customers, industry, competitors, and product technology trends. Experience 1+years Job Location Mumbai Pay Scale As per Industry & Experience Education Any Graduates Desired Candidate Profile Ability to process and interpret large quantities of data in short time frames. Excellent analytical skills - ability to recognize and tell the story. Should have good presentation and convincing skills. Should be a self-starter and the ability to prepare error free reports with minimum supervision. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Exceptional MS Office skills (i.e. Excel, Word, PowerPoint."	1
"Experience – Min 3 years Education - Bachelor's degree in journalism ,creative writing, 1 or mass communication CTC – Open to discuss Industry Experience – Food blogging / E commerce/ 1 / Agency/Luxury Brand/Food or lifestyle publications Job Description 1. Generate compelling copy to communicate Scootsy products to various audiences across multiple platforms in unified voice 2. Create concepts and copy that expresses Scootsy’s point of view via marketing collateral, campaigns, partner marketing, social posts and other web content 3. Build and maintain project timelines, content calendars and publication deadlines 4. Develop and implement creative copy tone to serve as underlying guide for all Scootsy communications 5. Brainstorm visual and copy ideas with other members of the creative team, and be flexible about others point of views, feedback and edits 6. Conceptualizing and writing the Scootsy blog, Newsletter, app banner copy, social media copy and push notifications. 7. Ensure daily content delivers on KPIs, specifically increasing engagement, frequency of visit and building advocacy for Scootsy 8. Will ensure that content that is highly engaging, relevant to our target audience and reinforces the brand editorial position 9. Research relevant industry trends, external brand partners and special projects from both a creative and brand perspective Required skills Must have a robust understanding of Scootsy;s upmarket target audience Must have experience in food writing/blogging Must Work well on a team and with a range of creative people Must be comfortable multi-tasking as a key player on a variety of projects, and be able to manage workloads and concurrent tasks effectively in order to deliver on daily deadlines Must be social media and e-commerce savvy Excellent oral, written communication are essential Must have a passion to learn and grow in a fast paced, startup environment Must be creative and have an ability to come up with fun story ideas. Must have a natural interest in local and upcoming international food trends."	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities Summary (short description) The Marketing Business Systems Analyst will contribute to, produce and manage client deliverables relative to our multi-channel marketing engagements. The Business Systems Analyst will work closely with account team leads to ensure accurate and timely delivery of account deliverables, with a focus on defining, building, end to end testing, and managing new campaigns/reports. Duties and responsibilities Maintain campaign documentation ensuring it complies with standards Design and Build multi-channel marketing campaigns based on business requirement Create and execute end to end testing including building out waterfalls, creating test cases, system integration testing, user acceptance testing, etc. Support and coordinate the marketing campaign and reporting processes and associated tasks such as requirements, functional specifications, etc. Own and execute daily ongoing campaign tasks Generate post campaign performance reports using the tool/ SQL scripts Qualifications Bachelor’s degree Good communication, interpersonal, and analytical skills Professional proficiency in English Good Understanding of SQL Understanding of Database Marketing concepts, Direct Mail, Email, Mobile, or CRM is a plus Understanding of data warehouse and data mart concepts is a plus Good time management Detail oriented and ability to multi-task About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 Work Locations: P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 10, 2019, 1:33:16 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AJ"	1
"Sr. BI Developer Responsibilities Development and support of Business Intelligence environment. Design, build, and deploy reports utilizing the appropriate BI tools Perform BI tool administrative tasks, such as user management, access control and security model maintenance Provide estimates for BI solutions to be developed Follow Data Management processes and procedures and provide input to the creation of data definitions, business rules and data access methods. Collaborate with database administrators on database design, data mart structure and the technical architecture of the data delivery environment. Performs BI applications installation, maintenance, production support, and on-call support Requirements BI Developer with 5-9 years of experience required Education Qualification: BE/B.Tech/MCA (no correspondence course). Must have experience with SAP Business Objects, and Tableau Experience with Microstrategy is also preferred Must have experience working with SAP BusinessObjects Information Design tool and building BusinessObjects universes. Must have experience building SAP BusinessObjects Webintelligence reports. Must have experience with building SAP HANA Calculation Views Must have knowledge of relational databases and strong SQL writing and comprehension is required. Must have experience with an ETL tool, SAP Data Services is preferred Must have experience in generating reports from various database platforms, including HANA, SQL Server, Netezza and Oracle Must have basic understanding of windows app and web server components, to perform BI application installations (IIS, Tomcat) Other Qualifications Must be proficient in unit testing of developed BI artifacts and also able to work closely with QA team to ensure BI development work is error free. Ability to interact with clients on project deliverables, technical discussions, time estimates, and overall technical and strategic directions. Good communication skills, both written and verbal. Experience in building, tuning and deploying new reports and portals. Big Data tools experience a plus. Knowledge of Cloud Environments is helpful About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 Work Locations: P6-India-Bangalore Hub-2 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 4, 2019, 12:58:41 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AE"	1
"Job Profile As a Product Owner in the Automotive Product Engineering team, the candidate will engage with stakeholders across business and product development to develop, prioritize and own the product roadmap and backlog for one or more products that are used to support Automotive business. The PO will serve as a liaison between scrum teams and product management to ensure that the right solutions are delivered at the right time. The PO will work with the product management team to identify business requirements, prioritize the work and work with technology teams to define technical solutions and ensure Agile practices and processes are followed. It will be beneficial to have strong technical experience in software engineering. S/he will be involved in all phases of the development lifecycle to aid in successful project completion. This includes requirement gathering, engagement in scrum events and user acceptance testing. Responsibilities Responsible for a product through the product life cycle from the definition to delivery Create and maintain the product backlog. Manage continuously shifting business priorities and resolve conflicts Help teams with elaboration of Epics, Themes and Features into user stories that are granular enough to be achieved in a single sprint Work closely with product management and development teams to review defects and enhancement requests Convey the vision and goals at the beginning of every release and sprint, including use cases, product requirements and high-level wire frames to support UX design, technology development and operations support Partner with key stakeholders to understand client needs and identify solutions to meet those needs Build consensus among stakeholders and partner with technology team to deliver high quality experiences Advise stakeholders on options, risks and aligning of priorities Actively participate in scrum meetings such as backlog grooming, sprint planning, standup, demos, and retrospectives Perform user story sign-off Provide direction for testing of new functionality Coordinate with other product owners on overall product roadmap and global prioritization Facilitate adoption and implementation of new functionality through training and demos Mentor other team members Qualifications B.E/B.Tech in Computer Science or related field/MCA/M.Tech (No correspondence courses) 9+ years of experience in mainstream software development with at least 4 years Business Analysis experience Significant experience in Agile practices Good experience in working with geographically and culturally diverse teams Experience in working with Matrix organizations Good understanding of Product Lifecycle Management Excellent written and verbal communication with the ability to articulate complex issues concisely Excellent interpersonal skills Ability to work strategically and collaboratively across departments Excellent organizational skills with the ability to multi-task, prioritize competing demands, be versatile and action-oriented Leadership, relationship-building and influencing skills to drive agendas across a number of teams Ability to functionally decompose complex problems into simple, straightforward solutions and present recommended solutions to all levels of the organization Demonstrated self-starter with good judgment and resourcefulness Preferable to have prior experience with enterprise product development in MS technologies like .Net, MVC, Angular JS, Web APIs, database Preferable to have prior experience as Product Owner in digital marketing product or platform with a solid understanding of users, the market place, the competition and future trends in CRM and Marketing About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-N1-Bangalore, India Work Locations: N1-Bangalore, India Bengaluru 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 9, 2019, 3:15:42 PM Division: Epsilon India RI: AC"	1
"-Managing the Brand's online presence (webpage, Facebook, Instagram etc.) -Creating Digital content & Marketing Strategy -Digital 1 - Execution, Strategy & Analysis Job Type: Full-time Experience: Social Media: 1 year (Preferred) Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred) Location: New Delhi, Delhi (Preferred) Licence: Digital Marketing (Preferred)"	1
"Job Title: Study Overseas Manager Job Function: Operations Departments: Study Overseas Date Posted: 10/4/2019 Location: Mumbai: Andheri About our company:: Y-Axis is India’s No.1 Immigration & Visa Consultant and presumably the world’s largest B2C immigration firm. Established in 1999, our 40+ company owned and managed offices across India, Dubai, London, Partner Offices in Melbourne & New Zealand and 1100+ employees serve over 100,000 happy customers per year. Y-Axis also employs & works with regulated & accredited immigration lawyers in our own office in Dubai, London & partner offices in Australia & New Zealand. Over 50% of our customers are from word-of-mouth. No other company understands overseas careers like we do. Our service fee is affordable and we are paid only if we are successful. We offer flexible payment options to suit your pocket. Job Advertisement: We are looking to recruit an ambitious and sales focused individual to head our Study Overseas department. In managing the department, you will be responsible for demonstrating sales strategy, leadership and general operations of the department. You will be directly responsible for performing the following task to the highest standards: Recruit, train and manage a team of Student Counselors / Study Overseas consultants to sell our products and services. Identify sales opportunities, develop / implement sales strategies pan India and plans to achieve sales target. Plan and manage the 1 budget and campaigns for the department. Create and roll out innovative ads, campaigns, promotions and marketing material. • Monitor the results and success of various sales campaigns and programs. Evaluate results based on prospect generation, conversions and targets achieved. Responsible for new product development; planning, creating,marketing and driving strategy for success of the products. Conduct regular market intelligence and competition analysis and track market trends. Identify threats & opportunities and recommend plans & implement strategies to address them. Monitor the sales performance of the team on a weekly/monthly basis. Responsible for providing analysis on key business metrics and driving long term strategy for the department. Requirement: Minimum 5 years of experience in Overseas Education/Student & Career Counseling. Proven experience in a sales management role with managing a team and in developing new /existing products & business. Outstanding interpersonal skills, strong English communication skills and the ability to successfully work with teams across the company. Strong analytical skills to understand analyze a market and identify areas for potential new business. Must be target driven and must be able to thrive in a time pressured environment. Strong leadership skills that motivate the sales team to perform beyond expectation. Experience in the immigration and visas industry, is a plus. Excellent organizational and planning skills. Strategic thinker with skills to execute at the tactical level. Contact Details : Contact No : 7569979537 EMail ID : careers@y-axis.com Share | | Refer Candidate We are looking to recruit an ambitious and sales focused individual to head our Study Overseas department. In managing the department, you will be responsible for demonstrating sales strategy, leadership and general operations of the department. You will be directly responsible for performing the following task to the highest standards: Recruit, train and manage a team of Student Counselors / Study Overseas consultants to sell our products and services. Identify sales opportunities, develop / implement sales strategies pan India and plans to achieve sales target. Plan and manage the 1 budget and campaigns for the department. Create and roll out innovative ads, campaigns, promotions and marketing material. • Monitor the results and success of various sales campaigns and programs. Evaluate results based on prospect generation, conversions and targets achieved. Responsible for new product development; planning, creating,marketing and driving strategy for success of the products. Conduct regular market intelligence and competition analysis and track market trends. Identify threats & opportunities and recommend plans & implement strategies to address them. Monitor the sales performance of the team on a weekly/monthly basis. Responsible for providing analysis on key business metrics and driving long term strategy for the department. Requirement: Minimum 5 years of experience in Overseas Education/Student & Career Counseling. Proven experience in a sales management role with managing a team and in developing new /existing products & business. Outstanding interpersonal skills, strong English communication skills and the ability to successfully work with teams across the company. Strong analytical skills to understand analyze a market and identify areas for potential new business. Must be target driven and must be able to thrive in a time pressured environment. Strong leadership skills that motivate the sales team to perform beyond expectation. Experience in the immigration and visas industry, is a plus. Excellent organizational and planning skills. Strategic thinker with skills to execute at the tactical level. Contact Details : Contact No : 7569979537 EMail ID : careers@y-axis.com"	1
"Mumbai Based Candidates Only Apply Roles and Responsibilities *Designing Dynamic Marketing/Sales Strategies for Clients * Managing & Leading a team of 15-20 associates * Managing clients & Resources * Setting and Managing an SBU unit *Commercial and Community Marketing Campaigns, Events & Road Trips *Training & Development *Human Resource(HRM & HRD) * Client/Customer Servicing * Business Management *Handling & Managing a team of 15-20 associates To work in the aspect of Management as Business Associates who are ready to take the challenge of the corporate world into marketing & 1. Company Profile We are part of a dynamic global marketing organization that specialise in marketing and sales. We are recruiting potential candidates who are looking for an opportunity to progress through our Business Development Program. Successful candidates will be part of a dynamic and supportive environment with an emphasis on on-going mentoring and personal development. The role will be varied and interesting, focusing on: Assists in developing a strategic marketing plan, to ensure successful sales and brand exposure Promoting client product and services Acquire and forge relationships with customers Build good rapport with clients and customers Meeting sales target and performance expectations Meeting KPIS and developing a new team Conducting team meetings and product training sessions Managing Clients , Resources & Team of 15-20 Associates Desired Candidate Profile IMMEDIATE JOINING Excellent English communication and presentation skills, both verbal and written Charismatic, competitive and enthusiastic personality with negotiation skills Excellent interpersonal and customer-facing skills Flexibility and willingness to learn in a high pressure environment Dynamic & Hardworking Can Manage and Lead people Interpersonal and Communication Skills Freshers Can Apply Immediate Starters Can manage Marketing Sales Campaigns efficiently Business Management Freshers Marketing Freshers Mba/pgdm Freshers Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written The ability to work on your own initiative as well as part of a team Excellent attention to detail, a positive attitude and a creative mind Good organization skills, time management and leadership skills. Desire to advance within the Business Development Program Willingness to train other people Able to join us IMMEDIATELY. Graduates Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹600,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Adnest Creative Communication Private Limited has a congenial work culture (nest) that holds, cares, incubates, fosters, guards and help grow your offspring/s (brand/s) in a healthy, wealthy, and purposeful way, forward. Adnest is an IMC nesting a dynamic and experienced team of creative professionals, united by a vision, passion, and design, to work for its clients. Day-to-day responsibilities include: 1. Writing for a variety of brands and business 2. Writing marketing campaign strategies for brands and businesses 3. Conducting research and analyzing for creating marketing strategies Skill(s) required: MS-Office, Creative Writing, English/Hindi/Marathi Proficiency (Spoken) and English/Hindi/Marathi Proficiency (Written) 1 experience mandatory. Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Copywriting: 1 year (Required) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required) Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	1
"Develop and maintain existing client relationships Manage the Social media accounts and ORM for the brands Present solutions to clients and negotiate price optimally Identify key business and clinical challenges Arranging and attending meetings with the clients on regular basis Working on pitches, along with the internal teams, to get new business Working within deadlines for the client requirements Meeting and liaising with clients to discuss and identify their 1 requirements Coordinating with the clients for payments Coordinating with the vendors and managing the vendor payments Preferred Qualifications - Graduation in Media, Marketing or relevant field"	1
"Minimum experience 2 – 3 years in an ad agency. Photo editors work for newspapers, magazines, websites, and other publications. They are in charge of coordinating photo assignments by selecting, editing, and positioning photos, and publishing images in print publications and on the web. Photo editing is a dynamic job that requires excellent visual, communication, and organizational skills, as well as a strong adherence to deadlines. In addition to technical knowledge gained through a formal degree program, photo editors must develop a good eye for image quality and photographic content. Skills in computer imaging are also necessary, as much of the industry now relies on digital photography. Additionally, photo editors must possess good management and leadership skills."	1
"Selected candidate's day-to-day responsibilities include: 1. Coordinate with senior writer and lease for the brand requirement and deliver solutions 2. Develop creative ideas and concepts 3. Proactive participation in idea sessions with colleagues to bring to live integrated campaigns 4. Write clear, persuasive, and original copy 5. Understand the nuances of copywriting for different platforms while still maintaining the ethos the persuasiveness 6. Amend, revise or redevelop adverts/campaigns in response to feedback from the team and clients 7. Work on several campaigns at a time, sometimes under pressure and often on tight deadlines 8. Keep up to date with popular culture and trends The concerned person should be responsible creating original content for website, seo articles, newsletters, press releases, blogs, articles, social media and 1 and marketing materials based on requirements. Candidate must be: a. Familiar with the functioning of Business channels, Corporate Communications, and Social media. b. Effective communicator, good organizational, writing skills with good leadership, people management, relationship management and coordination skills c. Excellent command over the English language Criteria: Experience of 1-2 years in content writing Candidate preferred from educational, financial or analytical background Bachelors in Mass Communication, Bachelor of Arts, Bachelors in Commerce Creative Mind Excellent Time Management Skills. Self-driven urge for learning, every single day. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: Content writing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Location: Thane, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	1
"Job Summary Sr. Client Servicing Executive Job Summary You should have at least 2-4 years of experience in a midsized agency, capable of handling various PSU clients' operational needs comprehensively. Candidates must be able to handle the tendering related work/proposal for the Govt. Department, Understanding client's communication requirements and delivering them on time and multitasking of job will be a requisition for this post. Qualifications Post Graduate / Graduate Interested candidates are requested to mail updated CV with below details directly on siddharth.bigone@gmail. com . (WE WILL CONTACT YOU IF YOUR PROFILE MATCHED WITH OUR REQUIREMENT) Total Experience - Industry worked for - Applying Post - Relevant Experience - Currently Working or not - Current/Last CTC - Expected CTC - Notice Period - Current Location - Ready to relocate - Preferred Location - Call 8851163841 Whatsapp 7859860869 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹400,000.00 /year"	1
"Dear all, Function: Retail Store Position: Store Manager – Retail Sales Reporting to: Head –Retail Operations Reported by: Sales Executives / Store Helper Location: The Western Mall, Pune Functional Responsibilities: The principal responsibility of a retail store manager is handling and overseeing all the day-to-day processes that are carried out in the store. Roles & Responsibilities: Sales of the store. Manage store revenue, including cash handling, deposit reconciliation and delivery of deposits to bank. Achieves financial objectives by preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. Identifies current and future customer requirements by establishing rapport with potential and actual customers and other persons in a position to understand service requirements. Ensures availability of merchandise and services by approving contracts; maintaining inventories. Formulates pricing policies by reviewing merchandising activities; determining additional needed sales promotion; authorizing clearance sales; studying trends. Markets merchandise by studying 1, sales promotion, and display plans; analyzing operating and financial statements for profitability ratios. Secures merchandise by implementing security systems and measures. Ensure interior and exterior of store is maintained to company standards. Determines marketing strategy changes by reviewing operating and financial statements and sales records. Provide exceptional customer service and ensure the employees also provide the same level of service. Execute and monitor loss prevention and shrink programs. Management of all store operational issues, to include store housekeeping, store administrative duties, physical inventories etc. Ensure reports are sent on timely basis. Completes store operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees; following up on work results. Maintains store staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees. Maintains store staff job results by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results. Maintains the stability and reputation of the store by complying with legal requirements. Protects employees and customers by providing a safe and clean store environment. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Maintains operations by initiating, coordinating, and enforcing program, operational, and personnel policies and procedures. Train, evaluate and motivate store employees Maintain, encourage and possess “ownership mentality”. Provide a positive working environment and handle employee issues appropriately and in a timely manner. Resolve customer problems or complaints by determining optimal solutions. Conduct regular store meetings. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. INTERESTED CANDIDATES CAN CALL ON THIS NUMBER: 9864161369 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: retail store manager: 5 years (Preferred) apparel (Women Brand): 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English (Required) Hindi (Required)"	1
"GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: The e-commerce Specialist is a member of sales team for all brands. The individual is located in Mumbai, partners closely with the local sales lead and regional marketing teams to achieve the goals in the e-commerce channel. As a member of the sales team, this individual is a key contributor to the definition and execution of our e-commerce strategy while overseeing the brand’s eCommerce and digital presence in India. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage digital ad campaigns with a focus on near-term ROI, traffic, and search ranking improvements for target keywords. Campaigns consist of keyword, display, and social media 1 across platforms and service providers such as Amazon Marketing Services, Amazon Marketing Group, Google AdWords, Twitter, Line, and Facebook. Likely to involve managing external agencies and vendors. Partner closely with finance team on regular analysis of non-financial and financial performance measures such as campaign ROI, traffic, customer value, and conversion rates. Adapt campaigns and other efforts in response to those results with an agile, experimental, and performance-based approach. Oversee consumer review incentive programs. Collaborate with Customer Advocacy on global standardized approach to responding to and directly engaging with consumers via social media, online reviews, and other digital forums that influence consumer sales. Localize and optimize product detail page content for target e-commerce platforms and markets. Focus is on optimizing copy, keywords, and page design in order to maximize conversion rate, based on unique dynamics of the assigned e-commerce platforms. Partner closely with global brand marketing team on defining brand content needs upfront in design and brief process and ensuring that final product aligns with global brand standards. Lead e-commerce product launches - focus on aligning all key components of organizational effort for successful online launches, including product content, promotion plans, KOL seeding, consumer review incentives, affiliate programs, traffic campaigns, and PR. Partner closely with regional marketing on programs to directly engage consumers via social media and email. Partner with account team on account-specific merchandising and promotional opportunities. Perform all other duties as assigned and required. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: At least three (3) - five (5) years’ experience in eCommerce sales and marketing, preferably with premium consumer electronics or consumer goods brands. Understanding of leading eCommerce platforms and the best practices associated with successful brands on those platforms. Demonstrated ability to oversee the development and execution of plans that incorporate those best practices. Proficient in using Amazon Marketing Services. Good in interpersonal skills. Experience establishing successful working relationships with colleagues in other functions and markets. Experience managing cross-functional projects. Fluent in both spoken and written English. Strong communication and presentation skills. Computer literate with a high degree of proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite of products including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. Adobe Photoshop abilities would also be preferred. Proactive and service orientated with a ""can do"" attitude. University Degree in Business Administration or equivalent acquired from a reputable University or Tertiary Institution. MBA preferred. What you’re getting into We’ve got big collaborative spaces for your big ideas, so bring an open mind and leave your suit in the closet. We all are committed to creating unique and rewarding consumer experiences. Everyone is interested in succeeding – for the team, for themselves and for the business. Cross-functionally and across the company, everyone has common goals and aspires to be their best. You will learn something new or at least look at things differently every day. There are so many smart and creative people around that you’ll be motivated to pursue the ideal. Team spirit is infectious. Belkin is an extremely open workplace, where communication is essential. Not every idea will be accepted, but you’ll be asked for your point of view. Innovation thrives on multiple and varied levels. At Belkin we challenge conventional wisdom and refuse to accept that something cannot be done. We are committed to diversity. Belkin is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace. All candidates applying for a job in the EMEA region, please review the Applicant Privacy notice HERE Location: Mumbai,"	1
"Position Summary: Genesis Inc is a committed event management company in Pune delivering services with focus on quality and excellence, nationally. Since our establishment in 2011, we have constantly aimed for flawless and a satisfactory execution of each events. We have managed events across various cities in India. we are hiring the post of Event conferences sales. conference business for hotels in assigned market areas. Maintain and exceed sales targets defined by the management. Also able to work under pressure, meet deadlines and achieve daily targets, whilst offering a very high level of Customer Service. Additionally Work directly with key decisions makers from Corporate, negotiating rates and confirming their accommodation, meetings and events. Hotels Event / Conference Sales Duties and Responsibilities: Receiving, handling and converting Meetings, Events and Group enquiries. Planning events in conjunction with the client. Identify new markets and business opportunities and increase sales. Contact Meeting Planner by mail, telephone, customer outings and site inspections. Ensure the complete administration and execution of all planned events. Negotiate space, dates and rates to obtain booking goal while focusing on shoulder and off season business. Assist in development and solicitation of Banquet and event package plans and aimed at conference business and encourage repeat business. Attend trade and travel shows of various market area for promoting events Actively manage business bookings, make network referrals. Encouraging repeat business through excellent customer service and inquiry handling. Build strong relationships with customers to fully understand their needs. Ensure online meeting partner websites are regularly updated and managed including photos, descriptions, and promotions. Bring in direct leads though online marketing and 1. Identify new markets and business opportunities and increase sales. Implements all sales action plans related to my market areas as outlined in the marketing plan. Conducts daily sales calls and arrange site inspection trips to hotels by corporate clients. Able to provide Quick and timely responses, develop professional long term business relationships. Manages and develops relationships with key internal and external stakeholders. Acquiring and developing new business accounts and preparing sales proposals for clients. Preferred only hotel sales Candidate minimum 2-3 year experience. hotel industry candidate preferred Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Hotel sales: 2 years (Preferred) Sales: 2 years (Preferred) Lead generation: 2 years (Preferred) Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	1
"Job Summary (Work under guidance) Apply only: Candidates who have Degree / Diploma/ Certification Course in Digital Marketing We are looking for Digital Marketing Candidate, who will be leading our digital marketing strategies & Give Training in CRM & ERP also. to grow our brand and business globally. Proven background in developing and executing the digital marketing strategies Demonstrable experience leading and managing SEO/SEM, PPC, marketing database, Email/SMS , social media or display 1 campaigns. Create online banner adverts and oversee pay per click (PPC) ad management. Proven skills on Google Adwords, CPL, CPV and user funnels . Knowledge of Affiliate marketing. Design, build and maintain our social media presence. Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies. Provide inputs to global web team on specific regional requirement on the global 1 campaigns . Measure and report performance of all Digital marketing campaigns, and assess against goals. (ROI and KPIs) Optimization of costs. Developing packages as per the current market requirements. Effective Marketing Plan Increased Sales of the packages. Optimize different campaigns based on ROI, Conv%, CPA and CPTs across platforms and channels. Manage monthly and annual goals for revenue growth via paid channels. Analyse and publish timely reports on performance, marketing spends, traffic, CTRs, conversion rates and ROI. Work on blogs and organic content creation for on page SEO. Responsibilities and Duties - Manage social media marketing for MORNIS on various platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, email marketing, blog posting,etc - Design, plan and book customised holiday packages for high end guests for various international destinations - Stay updated with social media trends and tools - includes attending networking and educational events & reading blogs - Continue to refine and define our social marketing process. - Work with teams to create a solid branding message that's reflected across Mornis marketing materials, social media content and shared by employees - Plan and execute digital ads, create landing pages Knowledge of Website analytics & ad execution tools Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Java script constraints You Will under Guidance with team pay per clickseodigital marketinggoogle adwordsdisplay 1semppcaffiliate marketingsocial mediacontent managementphotoshopindesignfacebooktwitter marketing campaignsbrandingpagesocial mediamedia marketingcontent creationfacebookgoogle adwordsgoogle analyticsgdnfacebook marketingLead GenerationOnline MarketingSEO TrainingOnline marketingSEODigital marketingMarketing strategyEmail marketingHospitalityMerchandisingField marketingMarketing budget hospitality marketing or agency experience preferred Benefits - A competitive salary and performance bonus / Incentive per month - Opportunity to be part of a diverse working environment - Fun, casual, relaxed and flexible work environment Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization( computer back ground ) PG: Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization ( computer back ground ) Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required ( computer back ground ) Job Types: Internship, Fresher Salary: ₹3,000.00 to ₹5,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Uttam Nagar, Delhi, Delhi (Required)"	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities The Senior Project Business Systems Analyst will manage client deliverables relative to our multi-channel marketing engagements. This individual will serve as the primary liaison between onsite client staff and internal Epsilon technical delivery teams. As a key member of a project team, the Sr Project Business Systems Analyst is responsible for transforming high-level client requirements into detailed technical designs and supporting the resulting solution. Duties and responsibilities Works to discover, analyze and document client business requirements, and translating those needs into system and process solution designs. Designs and manages integration test cycles for new system enhancements including the creation of detailed test plans, test data sets, and documentation of test case results. Analyze & test real time web service API based on REST and SOAP protocol for large transactional (OLTP) systems using advanced knowledge of ANSI SQL and testing tools such as SoapUI, JMeter etc. Coordinates closely with internal production teams and external client teams to develop and document operational processes and change management plans during roll-out of system enhancements. Interfaces directly with clients to assess ongoing business needs and translate those needs into systems requirements. Ensures high client satisfaction with change management planning, communication, execution, and service. Transitions final deliverables to the technical implementation team, ensuring they fully understand client requirements and details of the design and plan. Identifies, tracks and resolves project issues and risks. Employs consulting and systems development methodologies to guide daily activities. Provides one-on-one and classroom-based training on key solution components and processes. Shares knowledge with peers and other project teams. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications 5+ years of business analysis experience around database marketing technologies and data management, and technical understanding in these areas. Bachelor’s Degree in Business or Marketing disciplines or equivalent experience is required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Handles any size projects with little to no assistance. Advanced knowledge of JSON & XML object structure. Advanced SQL skills. Ability to develop test plans independently. Takes on new tasks with minimal instruction and works well in a team environment. Ability to solve problems on the fly and work in a fast-paced, high traffic environment. Preferred Qualifications Strong knowledge of multi-channel marketing concepts and best practices. Experience in database marketing and/or data management solutions. Knowledge of database marketing automation technologies (e.g. Alterian, Neolane, Unica, SAS Campaign). Knowledge of business intelligence technologies (e.g. Business Objects, MicroStrategy, Alterian, Cognos, etc). About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-N1-Bangalore, India Work Locations: N1-Bangalore, India Bengaluru 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 29, 2019, 12:41:36 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AL"	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities Support key client account teams; and project manage compelling digital solutions in support of overall business growth and revenue targets. Will provide strategic support to Account delivery leaders; and ensure seamless high quality delivery of marketing solutions. First point of escalation for Digital Accounts that are executed from India. Engage with Client Delivery and Markets teams to identify market trends, best practices, and new solutions that should be considered and/or applied. Establish and cultivate a culture of test and learn, continually identifying new ideas with an eye on improving the customer experience and business success metrics. Duties and responsibilities  Provide technical leadership to the team members to ensure successful project delivery  Interface with customers from a technical expertise standpoint in areas such as architecture/ design/ analysis.  Work with the customer to understand and devise the high level functional and technical requirements of a project/service  Devise technical frameworks/ guidelines/ design standards/ quality checklists to ensure quality of the solution provided.  Lead the resolution of escalated technical issues/ challenges/ and escalate appropriately.  Ensure technical process adherence and quality of project by implementing engineering and quality metrics  Manage seamless delivery of digital marketing projects across multiple Client accounts  Create/Evaluate Project Plans and monitor Project progress and Delivery quality  Strong Stakeholder management through Reporting and Governance  Participate/contribute in technical design and architecture meetings with clients and internal stakeholders to design the systems that will meet business requirements  Collaborate effectively with the US account teams to identify the right fitment for key roles  Provide oversight and monitor overall account “health” for book of business from a delivery and quality standpoint  Troubleshoot project issues with Account Management and engage appropriate resources as needed  Proactively work to improve delivery quality, repeatability and on-time delivery of key projects as part of both project work and/or strategic company initiatives  Enhance India office credibility Qualifications Minimum qualifications  4-year Marketing, Computer Science, or similar degree or comparable experience  10+ years professional experience in IT Service industry.  Extensive involvement in all stages of application development lifecycle including requirements, logical and physical architecture modeling, design, development, implementation, and support.  Have strong problem solving and negotiation skills in a client-facing environment  Up to date knowledge of Digital Solution Landscape with experience in Marketing Technology software (Loyalty/CRM etc) and Digital Content Management products  Experience in Delivery Leadership on Digital Transformation engagements  Be proficient in the development cycle – SDLC – waterfall and Agile methodologies  Proven success influencing and working with people effectively across Horizontal (ex: Practices, CoEs) and Vertical (ex: industry) company groups  Strong Presentation and Communication skills  Ability to influence and/or implement tools (Jira, Relay, etc.) and processes for efficient delivery of engagements out of India  Solid understanding of omni-channel customer journey and the role of various solution options in attracting, engaging and retaining customers  Ability to interpret stable and emerging trends to guide areas to deepen Epsilon competencies.  Have the ability to work effectively under significant deadline pressure About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-N1-Bangalore, India Work Locations: N1-Bangalore, India Bengaluru 560045 Job: Marketing Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: Apr 4, 2019, 12:46:11 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AE"	1
"Job Summary About the Company Analytics Saves at Work (aSaw) is a boutique analytics consulting firm founded in 2015 by Ms. Archna Wadhwa. At present, the company has offices located in London and Bangalore along with a partner’s office in Hong Kong.The vision of aSaw is to be a leading analytics consulting firm known for value creation for its clients through innovation. The values guiding aSaw in realising the vision are innovation, excellence, integrity and collaboration which together define the culture of the company. We help firms on the journey from data to strategy; monetising the data in the process. Our combination of products and analytics services help customers improve their top line and bottom line. With an in-house team of data scientists, software developers, consultants and industry experts, we ensure that the data works for our clients and support data-driven decision making for competitive advantage. Our mission is to help firms unlock values of data and discover hidden efficiencies to reduce costs and/or improve revenues. Awards and Recognitions: Startup by Govt. of India 50 Emerging Startups to watch in 2017 20 Best startups in Big Data 30 Fastest Growing companies in ASIA Responsibilities and Duties Job Description- MBA Marketing Intern As the Intern your primary responsibility will be on our Marketing CRM team and to work for Archna Wadhwa Gallery (AWG) [ https://archnawadhwagallery.com/ ] . This team’s focus is to drive leads to sales. You have to build customer engagement campaigns, support event marketing, product marketing, our team's research, and leadership strategy. Enhance our marketing contact database management program Who do we desire? You are a passionate marketer who loves working on projects that impact the business goals Excitement to take your classroom knowledge and apply it to real-world problems. Prior internship, related projects or leadership roles Enjoy jumping into ambiguous requirements and getting to the bottom of them through asking clarifying questions Confident in voicing your thoughts and asking questions You are a collaborator at heart and you can navigate dynamic, global team settings A desire to learn all that you can during a 10-12 week internship What you bring to this role: MBA with a marketing emphasis Excellent analytical, strategic reasoning skills and intense curiosity to identify emerging business trends and the opportunities that arise from them (strong excel skills) Excellent sense of teamwork, collaboration and communication Strong attention to detail and demonstrate timely and accurate follow through on various tasks Take ownership of the work assigned and have a consultative and collaborative approach towards solving business problems Ability to work autonomously with guidance in a dynamic environment Persistence when facing challenging situations Knowledge of PowerPoint and experiences in presentation creation Background in online 1, e-commerce, web analytics, marketing measurement or a comparable reporting and analytics function is a plus Your project will deliver value directly to critical parts aSaw’s B2B marketing channels. If you love working with data, marketing, and travel, and you are curious, creative, focused and work hard, we look forward to hearing from you. What’s in it for you? A high level of what we have to offer: Assigned a manager and mentor for the duration of your internship Perks: Experience Certificate and hands-on Experience Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications MBA in Marketing from a recognized university or institution. Highly effective communication, presentation, and research skills; comfortable speaking to company decision makers and C-Level executives Good Marketing knowledge. Have sound analytical and convincing skills Job Type: Internship Education: Master's (Preferred)"	1
"Our office is in Samaypur Delhi, you will be required to work from there Monday to Friday office hours. Job Summary Digital Marketing Manager: You will be responsible for running Google Ads, Facebook Ads and manage SEO people. Knowledge of Wordpress and Javascript will be considered a bonus. Responsibilities and Duties We are seeking bright and exceptional 'digital marketing expert' with outstanding SEM/SEO/Adwords/IT skills and experience to take over our existing digital marketing, SEO, SMM, Adwords, IT projects and improve them, carry them forward, and deliver excellent performance. What you need to know: a) Exceptional knowledge of Adwords. b) Exceptional at writing Ad copies c) Exceptional skills of Facebook 1 d) Knowledge of wordpress and html would be an added advantage If you have the skills, experience and inspiration to dothis,and make this roleyour nextpinnacle of your digital career read on knowing that we'll support and reward you well to do so. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Adwords Certification Extensive Experience in Setting up and managing adwords campaigns Significant experience in managing Facebook Paid campaigns SEO knowledge and ability to manage one SEO worker directly working under you The office is located in Samaypur, Delhi. You must be able to commute to the office from Monday to Friday for work. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Digital Marketing: 4 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Delhi, Delhi (Preferred)"	1
"Graphic Designer Role: Graphic Designer (Part Time) Qualification: Bachelor's degree in Fine Arts/ Any UG, PG, Diploma. Experience: 2-5years Work Location: Jaipur Need: Immediate Joiners Job Description· You will be a part of Creative Team working with Marketing Department for the Campaigns, Drives, Events, ATL, BTL Activities etc…· To express the content/ideas by visuals· To create designs for the Print Media, Digitial Media team· Think ‘Out of the box’ ideas and play with the designs.· Responsible for Visualizing, Conceptualizing and Executing designs Keyskills Exposure in working with a wide range of media and using graphic design software very effectively Corel Draw, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, After Effects 3D Fx, Desired Candidate Profile Should have creativity, concepts, ideas, design in his blood A zeal of creating something award winning on Daily basis Well versed with latest trends of industry A Researcher and thinker Creative flair, versatility, conceptual/visual ability Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas Proficient in all design aspects Professionalism regarding time, costs and deadlines Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Healthcare & IT Company Functional Area: Marketing , 1 , MR , PR , Media Planning Role Category: Creative Role: Graphic Designer Employment Type : Part time Job Job Type: Part-time Experience: CSS: 1 year (Preferred) web design: 1 year (Preferred) Photoshop: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Qualifications & Responsibilities The Lead Project Business Systems Analyst will manage client deliverables relative to our multi-channel marketing engagements. This individual will serve as the primary liaison between onsite client staff and internal Epsilon technical delivery teams. As a key member of a project team, the Sr Project Business Systems Analyst is responsible for transforming high-level client requirements into detailed technical designs and supporting the resulting solution. Duties and responsibilities Works to discover, analyze and document client business requirements, and translating those needs into system and process solution designs. Designs and manages integration test cycles for new system enhancements including the creation of detailed test plans, test data sets, and documentation of test case results. Analyze & test real time web service API based on REST and SOAP protocol for large transactional (OLTP) systems using advanced knowledge of ANSI SQL and testing tools such as SoapUI, JMeter etc. Coordinates closely with internal production teams and external client teams to develop and document operational processes and change management plans during roll-out of system enhancements. Interfaces directly with clients to assess ongoing business needs and translate those needs into systems requirements. Ensures high client satisfaction with change management planning, communication, execution, and service. Transitions final deliverables to the technical implementation team, ensuring they fully understand client requirements and details of the design and plan. Identifies, tracks and resolves project issues and risks. Employs consulting and systems development methodologies to guide daily activities. Provides one-on-one and classroom-based training on key solution components and processes. Shares knowledge with peers and other project teams. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications 9+ years of business analysis experience around database marketing technologies and data management, and technical understanding in these areas. Bachelor’s Degree in Business or Marketing disciplines or equivalent experience is required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Handles any size projects with little to no assistance. Advanced knowledge of JSON & XML object structure. Advanced SQL skills. Ability to develop test plans independently. Takes on new tasks with minimal instruction and works well in a team environment. Ability to solve problems on the fly and work in a fast-paced, high traffic environment. Preferred Qualifications Strong knowledge of multi-channel marketing concepts and best practices. Experience in database marketing and/or data management solutions. Knowledge of database marketing automation technologies (e.g. Alterian, Neolane, Unica, SAS Campaign). Knowledge of business intelligence technologies (e.g. Business About Epsilon: Epsilon® is an all-encompassing global marketing innovator. We provide unrivaled data intelligence and customer insights, world-class technology including loyalty, email and CRM platforms and data-driven creative, activation and execution. Epsilon’s digital media arm, Conversant®, is a leader in personalized digital 1 and insights through its proprietary technology and trove of consumer marketing data, delivering digital marketing with unprecedented scale, accuracy and reach through personalized media programs and through CJ AffiliateTM, one of the world’s largest affiliate marketing networks. Together, we bring personalized marketing to consumers across offline and online channels, at moments of interest, that help drive business growth for brands. An Alliance Data® company, Epsilon employs over 8,000 associates in 70 offices worldwide. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com and follow us on Twitter @EpsilonMktg. Primary Location: IND - India-4009 - Karnataka-54353 - Bangalore-N1-Bangalore, India Work Locations: N1-Bangalore, India Bengaluru 560045 Job: Technology Organization: Epsilon Schedule: Regular Job Type: Full-time Job Posting: May 2, 2019, 12:12:44 AM Division: Epsilon India RI: AJ"	1
"( JOB TYPE : FULL-TIME ) Job Description (Required education:Bachelor's) Responsibilities : Work with Marketing team to determine the scope of a project understand the brand guidelines and create creative as per marketing requirements Develop graphics and visual images for 1 campaigns, info-graphics, social media and website. Incorporate changes recommended by the marketing team into the final design Review designs for errors before publishing graphics. Skills : Adobe InDesign,CorelDraw, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop Creative thinking skills Hands on experience with Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator Passion and enthusiasm for design, with a creative flair; demonstrated passion for programming. Good people handling skills, leading and motivating team of developers. Willingness to put in extra effort as and when required. Player and a natural leader Good command over English language."	1
"Position: Country Brand Manager (Pain/GI) Location: Mumbai Responsible for developing and owning the brand strategy for market for the assigned products / therapeutic area. The role holder is also responsible for driving product growth and complete lifecycle management, forecasting revenue, managing opex of assigned brands and ensuring the realization of revenue and profitability targets. Develop strategy based on brand positioning, customer, channel & regional segmentation for both short term and long term goals Develop customer-focused plans to ensure alignment of all marketing activities including both traditional and innovative tools to support an operating plan. Tailor the brand strategy and its execution as per the need of the local market Develop local market life-cycle strategies (i.e. line extension, new indications) by collaborating with inte rnal stakeholders in other Commercial Units, supervise the creation of a brand vision and plan for product lifecycle management Forecast and track portfolio performance (sales and supply) and manage M&D budget within allocation Develops channel-specific approaches for key customer segments (e.g., retail, hospitals, governments, etc.) Leverages Regional TA support , Commercial Solutions Center expertise, and TA expertise / content as needed Work alongside customer and national accounts teams to translate customer insights into strategies which drive performance, analyse the IMS data or secondary data and draw out relevant trends to feed in as inputs to CPL and Marketing Head to help in devising the marketing strategy. Organize CMEs and participate in conferences / promotional events to reach out to the doctors and position the products. Organize advisory board meetings with doctors to understand their perception about the brand and test out any assumptions. Competition tracking and identification of gaps vis-à-vis the competition by conducting monthly field visits and develop the brand identity and brand equity in alignment with the overall marketing strategy of Pfizer and the given product / therapeutic area Scan the market for potential new avenues of revenue generation and develop market entry strategy for a brand for previously untapped geographies. Provide recommendations on pricing of products and implement those to enhance the profitability of all portfolios by capitalizing on the price increase opportunities post receiving the inputs from the finance department. For OTC products, develop and execute the media plan to ensure optimal ROI on all media investments and work closely with media agencies to ensure effective execution of the media planning Provide inputs to the creative agencies for development of artwork and leave behind literature. Coordinate with and manage vendors in the area of media, 1, design, printing, market research and NPD. Drive market intelligence gathering initiative for existing and new products by liaising with the sales teams and market research agencies Serves as local marketing expert for assigned Brand/portfolio in cross functional team leadership Coordinate with the medical affairs, legal, regulatory and corporate teams for ensuring the desired approvals are sought before the release of any promotional material. Plan out the distribution strategy for the promotional material and samples in co-ordination with the manufacturing and distribution teams Be aware about all the compliance norms including MAPP. Ensure adherence to the SOPs mentioned in any interaction with the HCPs Role Responsibilities - Brand/TA Plan: review of brand/ TA strategies by regulatory / legal Develop sales materials, execution of marketing strategy and portfolio POA Forecast brand performance and track progress towards target Allocate and execute in country brand budget Obtain final regulatory / legal approval of tactical portfolio plan Selection and manage agencies for development of materials (budget, scope, timing, and quality of project) Align with customer / Access plan Shared Accountabilities Develop country Op Plan and influence sales targets and brand A&P allocations (with CM/Marketing Head and CPL) Long-range forecasting (with CM/Marketing Head and CPL) Revenue adjustments, as needed (with CM/Marketing Head and CPL) Develop promotional meetings strategy (with CPL) Validate brand-specific messages, design training (w/medical, regulatory) Develop awareness campaigns, CME, congress content (w/ KOLs) in partnership with Medical Explore opportunities for building synergy between teams and leverage the resources such as MCM and trade marketing to improve promotional efficiency. Pfizer is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable equal employment opportunity legislation in each jurisdiction in which it operates."	1
"We are an agency of experts with the ideas & imagination which delivers brands to its dream customers, specializing in creative 1 campaigns and products. Using our creativity and ideological potential, we offer our clients 1 solutions that are not only beautiful visually but also increase sales. Required experience and skills: Should have excellent drawing skills and the ability to adapt to a wide range of styles and able to work either independently or as part of a team. Be able to take direction, and be prepared to make changes to your work in response to constructive feedback. Should follow established designs and produce consistent work, drawing on the model. Good communication and presentation skills. Familiar with relevant storyboard software (Toonboom storyboard pro/flash). Should be able to work calmly and efficiently to meet the deadlines. Salary: To be discussed during the interview Experience: 3 years (Preferred) Job Types: Part-time, Commission Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	1
"We are looking for Designer who can design & Create ideas, having creative illustration of resources, good knowledge of Colors & typography. Experience of designing Logos, Brochures, Packaging, Pamphlets and social media design. Also, must be proficient in Corel, Adobe Photoshop, illustrator, Co Candidates with experience in web designing and digital marketing would be preferred. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹13,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: Designing: 1 year (Required) web design: 1 year (Preferred) Photoshop: 1 year (Preferred) Corel draw: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred) Shifts: Morning (Preferred)"	1
"Conceptualizing & creating new IPs (Intellectual Properties). Leveraging our existing customer base through effective communication and by providing support, information, and guidance. Generating revenue by executing all responsibilities pertaining to sponsorship & IPs, exhibition & 1 sales assigned to you. Ensuring that sales and cost target for the vertical are managed (P+L Responsibility). Prepare a detailed project plan with corresponding timelines and checklists to ensure that resources are assigned and scheduled effectively, costs are monitored and appropriate budgets are developed. Prepare detailed plans for venue management, stage managementand logistics management for and before the day of the event and get them approved by the Business Head. Travel on occasion to company events, for company business, and for other work related activity where required. Also attend important meetings with relevant teams where required. Create a database on Vendors, Venues & their details, list of permissions required for outdoor events and indoor events Invite vendor quotations, evaluate the same based on quality, cost, delivery, financial strength of the vendor and conduct negotiations with the vendor to reduce prices or extend credit period. Assuming additional general or specific managerial responsibilities on an ad hoc basis, as agreed from time to time with your line manager, as part of your growth plan to assume additional organisational responsibilities. Working with all relevant divisions such as sales, marketing, operations and other company functions to ensure calibration and cooperation throughout the company. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	1
"Pineworld Learning Solution Pvt. Ltd. is a renowned publishing house led by young and dynamic leaders. The mission is to bring out books that represent exemplary standards of publishing. These books employ the most modern and proven approaches towards the shaping of young minds. Our school text books have been widely appreciated by learners and educators for their quality content, high editorial standards, aesthetic design and top-class production values. We have a wide and varied product range in both conventional and digital formats. Job Responsibilities: The work may involve: working to a design brief from the client or designer using DTP software to produce a layout for each page of the publication selecting formatting, such as the size and style of type, column width and spacing selecting and checking colours scanning and editing photographs and other images. producing graphics such as diagrams, charts and tables re-sizing design elements to fit the page making sure images are positioned near the relevant portion of text making sure that each page, and the document as a whole, is uncluttered and well balanced using electronic publishing technologies, such as Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) to convert documents to an internet-ready format. Job Duties: have excellent computer skills and knowledge be creative, with an eye for good design be able to prioritise a varied workload work well under pressure and to strict deadlines enjoy doing artistic work it includes publishing, graphic design, 1, printing and reprographics companies. Skills and Qualifications: A DTP operator should: have excellent computer skills and knowledge be creative, with an eye for good design be able to prioritise a varied workload work well under pressure and to strict deadlines be flexible and able to adapt quickly to new creative briefs work methodically and pay attention to detail be able to work independently as well as in a team be able to follow a design brief closely and accurately. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"More of experience. Qualification: Graduate from any stream. Post Graduate in Marketing will be preferred. Should have experience in Development and Operations at Food retail and Vending Machine industry. Ability to get more Corporate Clients for Launching of New Vending Machines in their premise. Good communication skills, prepare good presentations on Power Point etc. Ability to sell the Branding Concept through Vending Machine concept to Clients / Customers and to convince them to pay for 1 space Charges as per the Companys Price List. Ensure the Agreement is signed during confirmation of Orders as per Cos policy. Achieve monthly targets. Have the ability to maintain a good relation with all Clients / Customers in Mumbai. Ability to renegotiate the prices during renewal of contracts. Ability to collect Correct Market / Competitive information all the time. Should be a Responsible ,Hard working , Energetic and Honest person"	1
"WE NEED : Truebil.com is looking for a Copywriter who’s eager to make an impact on our fast-growing brand. Our ideal candidate is a whip-smart, highly adaptable writer who can pick up on brand voice in a heartbeat and write snappycopy quickly. This role reports to the Creative Head on our Brand Marketing team, presenting a unique opportunity to own and evolve the voice of a young, aggressive and highly creative e-commerce brand. WHAT YOU’LL DO : Concepting: Work closely with the Art Director and Community Manager to develop and execute creative concepts for campaigns. Copywriting: Write witty copy for Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and other social media platforms, digital films, print ads, radio and other retention and acquisition marketing assets, often with competing deadlines. Copyediting: Edit copy to incorporate feedback from the Creative Head. Proofreading: Proofread copy before handoff to Design, Development, and/or print production. Stewarding Brand Voice: Consistently enforce the brand voice across all written media, helping to evolve it along the way. Process Iteration: Work closely with the Creative Head and the marketing team to continually streamline process, update best practices, etc. Awards/Case Studies: Come up with path-breaking campaigns or ideas that will pave the way for various awards as a measure of our creativity. Preference will be given to candidates from 1 Agencies. We're not looking for freelancers or agencies at all. Job Types: Full-time, Internship Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹800,000.00 /year Experience: copywriter: 2 years (Preferred) Language: English (Required)"	1
"Females Required for event promotion ( Pramoter ) Own convence must Pleseing personality Events & 1 LUCKNOW Handing client servicing Send CV n photo for immediate response on 9918219111 Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh ₹ 20,000.00 – ₹ 40,000.00 per mont Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	1
"Hiring Manager's Speak Hotstar is challenging the old media buying practices by altering the digital 1 landscape completely. We are constantly looking for highly motivated professionals who have a sharp understanding of market dynamics, digital ad inventories, can forge strong partnerships with clients to create value for them. If you are ready to make a solid impact in digital 1 sales and be an evangelist in this journey, come join us! #Non-tech Your key responsibilities Responsible for driving overall Revenue across different ad formats (existing & new) on Non-Sports led business Responsible for driving JBP’s (and monitoring performance) alongside Sales on top 30 customers | Key media agencies as identified Work with Ad Tech to maximize Monetization across different format Track competition & overall digital ecosystem, ensure competitive positioning across in market, develop new opportunities Work closely with Brand Solutions & TV team to maximize revenue opportunities on Impact Shows Drive adoption, build use cases of new ad formats/innovations across advertisers What to bring 5 - 7 years of experience in revenue and strategy roles MBA from Tier I institute Comfort to use data and analytics while building on client conversations Ability to leverage relationships, build a strong network and have effective negotiations"	1
"Sells products by establishing contact and developing relationships with prospects; recommending solutions. Maintains relationships with clients by providing support, information, and guidance; researching and recommending new opportunities; recommending profit and service improvements. Markets products by developing and implementing marketing* and 1 campaigns; tracking sales data; maintaining promotional materials inventory; planning meetings and trade shows; maintaining databases; preparing reports.* Making Cold Calling, Providing Information to Walk In Prospects. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Lead generation: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Language: English (Preferred)"	1
"SkillSet: adobe photoshop, ms office, communication, autocad, creative. Directing creative design and delivery across all media with strict compliance to Group s brand guidelines Design, content / digital asset management of Business Services Intranet Marketing/Communications Support the execution of the MC activities aligned with the annual Global joint Marketing Sales plan / Offerings launches / campaigns Understand Business Services MC overall plan to organize and prioritize tasks accordingly Support the marketing team with the development of best-in-class artwork files for all sales and marketing collaterals, office branding, intranet, digital campaigns, events, Support formatting of internal communications Take initial creative direction and ideas and convert them into working, visual communication solutions across print and digital mediums Drive the artwork execution Introduce / leverage new formats like Info graphic, iPDF and other digital designs Maintain speed of execution and response upon deadline Improve overall creativity Understanding client and team briefs Conceptualization of designs from scratch as required per the brief Present online information in a visually appealing and exciting manner Maintain a high quality of deliverables and reduce the number of iterations Ensure quality review of all deliverables before distribution Work in close collaboration with stakeholders to collect necessary inputs Ensure a disciplined way of capturing and recording information/inputs/knowledge; maintain and update a repository of all print, online and other media related materials for support and distribution to all stake holders Visualization of briefs to think and give form to strong creative ideas especially in print and web online media Track, collect and report out all stats on a monthly report to measure all activities Key Relationships: Work closely with MC teams across SBUs and regions and Group MC network Experience: 6-8 years full service 1/creative agency experience. Experience working in communications department of an IT major would be an added advantage. Good understanding of digital and offset print production processes Good understanding of web design (static and dynamic). Understanding of media and cross-platforming Sufficient exposure to client handling Technical: Adobe CC, (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, HTML, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint Excel) ,"	1
"SkillSet: writing, salesforce, digital communication, career, well. This role will lead or work closely with a Client Change or Communications lead to plan, recommend and execute Communication plans and strategy for client s transformation project Drive Change Branding and Communications interventions for different stakeholder segments using multiple communication channels and platforms Plan and execute end to end Communication Campaign involving strategic design, content writing, creative media development and measurement Design and execute Design Thinking Workshops for client s transformation program Develop and execute social and digital communication strategies, manage employee communities, curate content and narratives to engage diverse stakeholder groups Work closely with a team of Graphic Designers to develop engaging communications for different media platforms Bring latest thinking and best practices from social, digital, media and marketing communications and apply them to our client engagements to create highly engaging and impactful communication campaigns Be well-versed in Communications Analytics measurement of campaigns using digital tools, apps etc. Experience: Strong experience of working in a Corporate Communications, Internal Communications/Public Relations team for a leading organization Experience of working with senior stakeholders and different employee segments in executing communication interventions in a multicultural global environment ex: Change Initiatives, Engagement, Culture, Campus Branding, Leadership Communication, Corporate Rebranding etc. Should have hands on experience in planning, executing and measuring social and digital media campaigns for internal (Yammer, JIVE, Salesforce etc.) and external (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram) platforms Should have worked closely with a team of Graphic Designers to create media/creatives for print, web, social and digital platforms Expertise in coordinating and working with 1, Public Relations, Digital firms / Media Production Houses will be an added advantage Candidates should have 4 to 6 years of work experience post MBA/Master s degree,"	1
"Our comapny needs a person who have good not knowledge of photo editing and facebook instagram post. And digital marketing . Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) 1: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"Degree/Diploma holder in Commercial Arts with training in graphic designing. 1-2 years relevant experience in applications like, Photoshop, Coreldraw, QuarkXpress, InDesign, Illustrator, etc. Experience in 1 will be preferred."	1
"As Brand Alliance Manager, you will be responsible to Design & Execute Alliance Strategies for Napolstockimage from Brand Perspective. Creating an opportunity for Long & Short term Coalitions with Various Channels, Industries, Builders, Automobile Companies, IT Sectors, Designing Company, Newspapers and 1 Industry. Should devise measurable strategies which would create success for the Alliances & Increases the Lead Generation. Closely work with Operations and Business Development teams to build new deals and offers. Provide Input market insight & knowledge of trends into strategies of our Businesses/Alliance partners. Manage the Alliance Partners and Product & Services Pipeline. Responsible to: Chief Operating Officer External Relationships: An ability to understand the business needs of potential clients in order to strategize, present and demonstrate a tailored Brand Marketing solution. Internal Relationships: Knowledge and experience on working with Alliance Partners. Proven, results driven sales executive with a stable career history. Salary: Negotiable, Incentive on New Business, Hours: Negotiable Location: Mumbai and heading for India Experience: Minimum 5 years"	1
"Job Title: Marketing and Communications Manager Reports to Head of School Job Purpose To be a leader responsible for designing and implementing a marketing and communications plan in order to: Attract new students across the school’s portfolio of programmes and align with the school enrolment targets Publicize the strengths of the academic faculty Promote the profile of the school as a whole to external audiences shaping the school brand in the Mumbai and Indian community To co-ordinate all marketing activities for the school Duties and Responsibilities To lead the marketing team to develop short and long-term marketing campaigns inside and outside school; To present an annual marketing analysis to senior staff and Board members providing regular updates as required; To work with key personnel to achieve effective media coverage, including press releases, photo opportunities etc; To work collaboratively with the Admissions team and other departments to ensure effective communication with all potential families and external organisations; To oversee the creation, production and effective dissemination of all publicity materials and mediums eg social media, websites, digital marketing, signs, stands, banners, videos, school website, school brochures/ handbooks etc; To oversee and be responsible for up to date refreshment of the school website and its information and brand; To liaise with the school’s 1 agency, designers and printers (in-house and external); Representing and promoting the school at national and international events; To maintain and curate the stock of school photos and videos; To ensure the selection and ordering of promotional merchandise for exhibitions and to use as corporate gifts; To establish an effective Alumni association and associated activities to promote the school; To work collaboratively with the Events team and other departments to help create and ensure effective communication and publicity about all school events, exhibitions and activities; To establish and foster relationships with Mumbai businesses and corporations; To keep abreast of initiatives which are being developed by competitor schools, proposing our responses to the changing PR/marketing landscape; To establish and foster relationships with the school parents and PTA organisation to support school initiatives; To work on committees and task groups as appointed, that further the School; To assist with recruitment activities as required; To liaise with academic staff as necessary; To educate, advise and work collaboratively with senior staff, Head of School, Director and Board members as required; Personal Skills Be supportive of the school and its ethos A passion to be part of a growing school with the desire to make a positive difference for and in the community Excellent oral and written communication skills; Energy and creativity; A thorough knowledge of contemporary marketing methods and strategies including an ability to utilize modern technologies to market effectively; Strong analytical, problem solving, time management and organizational skills; Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work effectively with a wide range of constituents in a diverse community; Ability to supervise, motivate and manage staff to set and achieve goals while acing as a professional mentor; Willingness to continue professional development; High standards of integrity, reliability and professionalism; Manage schedules and deadlines with a willingness to work irregular hours and on weekends when required; To maintain high levels of quality assurance Preferred Experience and Qualifications BSc/BA or Masters in business administration/ marketing or relative field; 3+ years of experience in handling marketing in a school or company; In-depth understanding of marketingprocedures and principles; Proficient in MS Office and associated marketing software tools; Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Marketing: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Required)"	1
"Responsible for standard and custom embedded SRAMs/ROMs development and provides both functional and physical views of memory in form of Memory compilers , A semiconductor intellectual property (IP) for the design of complex integrated circuits . The team is completely responsible for all aspects of memory development starting from Bit Cell Analysis, Architecture Design, Characterization and Verification . Responsible for designing, developing, troubleshooting of embedded memory compilers. Learn and apply skills in memory compilers having Transistor level circuit Design . Resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways. Work is independent and collaborative in nature. Provides regular updates to manager on project status. Frequently networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise. Strong CMOS fundamentals Knowledge of CMOS fabrication Good digital design knowledge Exposure to basic analog fundamentals Working tcl/ perl scripting know how Basic know how of SRAM, ROM circuits Tools: Hsim/ Hspice / Schematic Capture/ Extraction/ Verilog/Unix Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry:Semiconductors / Electronics Functional Area:Engineering Design, R&D Role Category:Engineering Design Role:Technical Lead/Project Lead Keyskills VerilogPerlCMOSTCLUnixHSPICEDigital DesignCircuit DesigningIntellectual PropertyArchitectural Design Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG:B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization Doctorate:Ph.D - 1/Mass Communication Company Profile Cambio Consulting India Pvt Ltd US TOP Product MNC View Contact Details+ Recruiter Name:Kamal Contact Company:Cambio Consulting India Pvt Ltd Telephone:40205666 Address :# 3781, I Floor, 13th Main, HAL 2nd Stage, Indiranagar Send a Query Email Id Please provide your email address Query Please enter your query Attach Resume (Optional) Supported Formats: doc, docx, rtf, pdf Max file size: 2MB Send me Jobs like this I agree to Terms & ConditionsPlease agree to the terms and conditions to continue."	1
"The job involves website analysis and auditing, continuous research on latest tools and techniques to find out new ways to enhance website. Gathering details about the companies and their Brands and also working on search engine optimization (SEO), forums, blogs, affiliate marketing, email marketing, banner 1, etc. to help in increasing traffic and conversion ratios. To evaluate various sources of information to gauge the credibility, capacity to comprehend client requirements and time-tested Internet research methods. There is a steep learning curve and hard work involved. Job requirement: Graduates in any stream with 0 to 1 year of experience. Computer literacy and comfort working with the Internet Ability to work in self-disciplined environment, well organized with good time management skills. Knowledge of Internet search engines."	1
"Job Profile: Building Campaigns, Marketing Plans Market Analysis, Research, Business Strategy 1 ,Content Writing, Social Marketing , Brand Building Managing Clients, Converting Leads into Sales. Working in different areas like Sales, Recruitment, HR as a trainee initially. Qualification : M.B.A / B.B.A / M.C.M / B.COM / M.COM / M.A (Any Qualification can apply for this post) Salary : 15,000 - 20,000 + incentives.... Work Location : Vishrantwadi, Pune. Freshers can also apply For Interview call on : 7757012054 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month"	1
"Job Summary Urgently Required 1 MANAGERS for a leading Media House(English) For details about our magazines-refer https://issuu.com/metromart Responsibilities and Duties 1 Managers are the main liaison between 1 and media agencies and their clients. The role is a combination of sales or business development activities and customer relationship management. 1 Managers meet with clients to get a thorough understanding of their 1 and promotional needs, the budgets earmarked for these activities, target audience and other critical demographics, market and competition information and any other relevant details. Responsibilities and Duties 1 Managers are the main liaison between 1 and media agencies and their clients. The role is a combination of sales or business development activities and customer relationship management. 1 Managers meet with clients to get a thorough understanding of their 1 and promotional needs, the budgets earmarked for these activities, target audience and other critical demographics, market and competition information and any other relevant details. Qualifications and Skills Sales and Marketing experience Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Internship, Commission Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) 1: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	1
"If you are passionate about a career in 1, breathe creativity and basically have it in you you might just be that powerhouse of talent we are willing to bet on!"	1
"Description : - As an Account Manager, you are leading project management and providing strategic account direction to your clients in order to deliver high quality e-business strategies, solutions, tools and services to which enable them to achieve their Digital and Internet Marketing objectives. - Someone who plays a bridge between the client, the internal teams and the management. An account manager is at least responsible for 5-6 accounts and ensures overall client experience as well as experience of the team members. - You're actively consulting with clients regarding SMM, SEO, SEM, UX, ORM, Digital Marketing, Media Buying, Content, audience segmentation, technology selection and other issues and challenges confronting businesses on the digital front. KRA(s) : - Manage overall agency/client relationship providing strategic input while guiding teams towards the achievement of client objectives - Create effective digital strategies and work collaboratively with the planning and creative teams to develop and execute digital strategies - Manage program execution and financial performance while ensuring that overall strategy is sound and on point - Build teams, think strategically and develop successful client-agency relationships - Establish rapport and maintain long-term relationships with client champion and executives - Ensure tactical alignment with stated goals, objectives and strategy - Maintain relations with the client so as to cross sell and up sell - Ensuring proper reporting and meeting with the clients at the end of every month - Stay updated about the work day to day - Weekly internal reporting of the work - Maintaining a record of the tasks done for the invoicing purpose and co-coordinating with the client for clearing the invoice on due time - Prioritize & set expectations on key deliverables - Utilize sound project management processes and tools to instill project management discipline and work collaboratively with other team members - Effectively manage projects to deliver on Cost, Quality, and Timing targeting Preferences : - 1-4 years experience in managing clients with minimum 1 year of experience in any creative agency or digital industry - Prior experience of working with Digital Marketing & Social Media Marketing Agencies - Basic understanding of Social Media Marketing, Search engines, Search engine optimization and related factors - Outstanding customer service skills - Ability to work independently and within a team environment - Strong independent decision-making, organizational, planning and problem-solving skills Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Jaipur, Rajasthan (Preferred)"	1
"SkillSet: ui, program management, engineering, data management, industry. CN is a global Consulting delivery practice within Accenture and is growing aggressively to serve global markets and has over 2500 consultants today. The Communications, Media and Technology (CMT) practice within CN focuses on clients in: Communications telecommunications providers, cable television companies, wireless and satellite carriers, broadcast, internet and interactive service providers Media and Entertainment entertainment, publishing, printing, and 1 industry High Tech and Internet aerospace defense, communications equipment, computer hardware, internet, consumer electronics, data storage equipment, office equipment, semiconductor, and software manufacturers Summary: To work with leading CMT companies, major customers and suppliers to develop and execute global strategies and manage complex change initiatives and solutions To be able to deliver solutions across Robotic Process Automation, Cognitive/AI Automation, Business Process Optimization and Standardization, Project/Program Management and Change Management areas Help the client define their automation charter strategy and carry out high level diagnostic on the process landscape to identify high potential areas Perform detailed process evaluation to identify automation potential candidates based on workshops, interviews, document reviews and process shadowing (keystroke screenshot level studies) Develop high level and detailed business case for RPA business value (FTE savings and Build/Run/License costs) Develop functional design of to-be processes along with detailed implementation plan Develop operating model and governance mechanisms for setting up Center of Excellence for Robotics Process Automation Perform program management, change management and business value tracking Harvest learnings and develop reusable knowledge assets from every engagement Experience: 4 or more years of experience in delivering end-to-end projects in Robotic Process Automation, Artificial Intelligence and other Intelligent Automation areas Deep expertise in Robotic Process Automation projects including opportunity identification/ qualification/ prioritization, automation technical feasibility assessment, tool selection, process redesign and solution design Ability to understand and communicate with Business and IT, with respect to people, process and technological impacts Experience working on projects using Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere and UI Path Experience in delivering projects in other areas such as: Process assessment, Business Process Modeling strategy, process management or data management business process design and modeling, business process improvement, etc. Strong process excellence experience for key usage scenarios ranging from business diagnostic, organization design, business process design, re-engineering and change management to system implementation,"	1
"SkillSet: sales, brand, reach, agency, agenda. In this role the incumbent will report into India GU Senior Manager/Associate Director for Integrated Marketing communications. Position Skills Capabilities Strong skills in marketing programs development and campaign management. Proven track record in product strategy, sales, technology industry experience Creative thinking and ability to direct and sell creative ideas to a broad range of stakeholders; gain commitment from assigned stakeholders and guide implementation of marketing plans Should be able to manage the team through multiple projects at any one time, and have the self-discipline to work effectively in a virtual environment with colleagues all over the world. Ability to create the right mix of marketing activities to support business goals. Ability to manage budgets, internal and external reporting as well as organize monthly, quarterly and annual program plans Ability to ensure deliverables demonstrate value and a return on investment, meet the Business strategic requirements and, including brand guidelines Collaborative attitude to work effectively across internal groups, and external vendors to drive projects forward. Insight to continually move marketing programs to the next level, keeping orginisation s positioning ahead of the market. Will need to work with cross-function marketing teams, marketing shared services and agency resources for executing campaigns Position Qualifications Work Experience: Between 12 to 15 years in integrated marketing and communications, 1 strategic planning and execution, digital marketing planning and execution, and/or corporate communications in any Tier 1 IT and ITEs company Bachelor s degree, in any discipline Masters in Management with specialization in Marketing,"	1
"SkillSet: maintenance, content management, management, 1, client management. Work with client management to define digital video, 1 and content management strategic directions Define team structure, prioritize digital content management development plan and direction Create digital delivery interactive offerings, develop digital content management leading practices and reusable assets Support technical perspective during qualification of digital delivery project sale Plan, estimate, design solutions, lead build, test and deployment cycles for digital delivery/implementation/maintenance projects Good skills in identifying product requirements and creating implementation designs Good domain understanding of OTT and IPTV architectures ,"	1
"Seeking person who has plants growth knowledge, understands diseases the plants suffer from and remedy, can suggest and help growing season wise vegetables, plants etc. Qualification can be Bsc or MSC 2. Person having knowledge of Hydroponic or soilless farming will be preferable. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹14,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	2
"Designation: Food Safety QA Officer Location: Hoskote Industrial Area, Bangalore Rural Qualification required: B.Sc/M.Sc/B.Tech - Food technology/Food Safety certified Job Description Train the Hygiene team and Food handlers on Personal hygiene and Sanitation To conduct GMP internal audit as per the check list and communicate with plant team for closure of the gaps To plan and conduct calibration of lab equipment Sampling of various raw and finished products and conduct microbiological analysis and results communicate with plant team for proper corrective actions Conduct Vehicle audits for compliance and communicate with Logistics team for corrective actions To ensure the required safety documents as per statutory requirement. Implementation & Monitoring in PRP,OPRP,FSMS,TQM concept Internally auditing done for AIB,CQA,ISO 22000:2005, PCI Responsible to be checked packing quality mof packet weight, coding, appearance, sealing, tightness and water leakage test. Responsible to be checked biscuits quality of appearance, taste. Flavor, color, bite, texture, shape size and thickness. Ensuring and Recording for HACCP Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹400,000.00 /year Experience: Food Safety QA: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Required) Required travel: 25% (Preferred)"	2
"Underwriter - 2 The UW will be responsible for development of a sustainable and profitable agricultural reinsurance portfolio primarily in India and going forward in adjacent countries. Location Bombay , India Your job Continuous analysis of agricultural primary and reinsurance markets in India and adjacent countries Develop and maintain good working relationships with clients, brokers and other agricultural insurance related stake holders (e.g. service providers, claims agencies, CCE agencies, Technology providers on claims assessment etc.) Develop Individual client strategies in consultation with Head of 2 and India Branch CEO Supporting information and assistance for technical risk reviews and acceptances, complex (incl.non-traditional) RI products Preparation and conducting negotiations with cedants and brokers in coordination with Head 2 and Branch CEO Active participation in client events (congresses, market events) Supporting concept and strategy development within position’s area of responsibility Develop & implement the strategy for Client engagement, develop alignment of interest, and ensure we have a coherent, long-term relationship with our clients and channels. Work closely with key stakeholders internally and externally to identify trends and new opportunities. Play an active role in the acquisition, retention and servicing of clients. Assume full responsibility over the client relationship throughout the on-boarding phase of the partner’s business and remain the primary point of contact concerning further business development activities with the partner. Overall accountability for results in the area of responsibility Train JUW and colleagues new to the team in your area of expertise Your profile 4 to 7 years of relevant experience in underwriting and business enablement for an insurer or reputable broker. Relevant knowledge of the non-life Insurance business. Understanding of the reinsurance business will be an added advantage. Proven ability to communicate actively, effectively and succinctly with strong facilitation, presentation and negotiation skills. Able to engage with and impress C-Level and engage across the levels within the client as well as Munich Re Able to work in a dynamic environment and deliver under very tight time pressure The incumbent should be willing to travel The incumbent should be organized, methodical and analytical. Able to see the bigger picture, yet understand complex details as required. About us Munich Re is one of the world's leading reinsurance companies with more than 11,000 employees at over 50 locations around the globe. We are working on topics today that will concern the whole of society tomorrow, whether that be climate change, major construction projects, gene technology or space travel. We find solutions to these challenges through a network of highly qualified professionals who anticipate risks, work on tailor-made solutions and expertly advise our clients. If you want to help shape the future as part of one of our teams, we look forward to hearing from you. Please click on the link to apply online. Make it happen. Apply now! Apply for this Job!"	2
"As Food Scientist, must ensure of study the microbiological, physical and chemical properties of food and ingredients to make sure they are safe for consumers. To be responsible for ensuring that food manufacturing processes conform with government, processing, consumer and industry standards. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	2
"It's farm based on concept of natural farming ,we expect a candidate who have a knowledge of 2,Horticulture ,permaculture & who is truly passionate about farming & work hard with us for development of farm Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month"	2
"Duties: Drive and control farm equipment to till soil and plant, cultivate, and harvest crops. May perform tasks, such as crop baling or bucking. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	2
"Your Main Tasks Co-ordination with Investment Officers, Transaction Managers and Investees for obtaining and tracking various Constitutional, Legal, Financial, Regulatory and Periodic documents, statements and evidences. Analyzing these documents for consistency with rA policy and KYC norms. Undertake necessary steps to remedy as per laid down procedures for any discrepancies. Updating ERP records for the various documents received along various attributes like nature, validity and discrepancy along with resolution timelines. Raising requisite escalations as per the laid down procedures. Performing reconciliation of the Fund bank accounts across various currencies against open interest and loan balances. Issuing up to date statements to clients based across various geographies. Performing reconciliation for hedging positions and settlements for both deliverable and non-deliverable currencies Preparing periodic and adhoc MIS for different teams, departments and stakeholders across the hierarchy. Your Experience and Skills Degree / Diploma in commerce or accounting or finance or a related field from a recognized institution / University. Proficiency with MS Office especially Excel. Knowledge of Macro coding would be an advantage. Excellent oral and written English. High Degree of initiative, reliability and willingness to learn. Transparency and interpersonal skills. Interest and willingness to work in a global firm and team members in different cultures across the globe."	2
"As Agricultural Field Supervisors. Directly supervise and coordinate activities of Agricultural crops and workers. Assign duties, such as cultivation, irrigation, harvesting of crops & plants, product and equipment maintenance. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	2
"About Sistema.bio Sistema.bio is a leading social enterprise operating in India, Africa and Latin America, headquartered in Mexico City. Since 2010 we have installed over 7,000 award-winning biodigesters (Biogas Plants) across four continents. We are expanding across Maharashtra, Karnataka and Gujarat in India - and are looking for passionate individuals to join our team. Sistema.bio promotes a world where waste is a resource, and farmers are empowered and productive. We design, manufacture and install biodigesters for small and medium scale farmers to convert their waste into economic, health and environmental benefits. To-date our products have treated 9 M tons of farm waste, enabled over 42,000 people to produce clean energy, and saved over 1.5 M trees. By the end of 2021, our goal is to install biodigesters for over 200,000 people in 15 countries where they lack access to clean, renewable and cost-effective energy. We want you to be part of this impact story. Role Summary We are looking for a talented Agronomist to be part of our team to promote Organic farming practices which integrates bioslurry use. This is an exciting time for us when we are expanding our operations globally, and we are innovating biofertilizer applications to improve farm productivity. This is a great opportunity to work with a global enterprise (an MNC) and be a part of the growing team in India. Reporting to the Technical Director, you will be playing a key role in application developments for bioslurry use and promoting bioslurry & adoption of organic fertilizer among farmers in India. Key Responsibilities Train and incentivize the farmers to make the best use of bio slurry. Organize bioslurry training events in different villages. Identify and select clients of interest where the use of bio slurry is well managed. Monitor and evaluate the impact of the use of bio slurry at the selected farms. Develop scalable bio slurry applications and practices corresponding to small and large farms. Develop diverse application methods for bioslurry via direct irrigation, sprinklers, drip systems. Develop methods and SOPs for converting bioslurry into compost and enrichment using other organic farming practices. Analyse and Report data from the field for all the test plots and demonstration sites. Become the champion of bioslurry application and training within the team. Be an exemplary representative of Sistema.bio Career Progression and Compensation We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package, with an opportunity to be promoted in 12-24 months. You will receive accommodation + Travel allowance +Health Insurance when traveling on the feild as per company policy. Does this sound like you? You have 4-5 years of experience as an agronomist in a reputed organization. You are a Post Graduate degree in 2 field with the familiarity of Organic agronomy practices especially - integrated nutrient and pest management. You have excellent Communication skill and can interact with farmers in Marathi and Hindi language. You have Proficiency in implementing/executing projects independently. You have expertise in MS office. The ideal candidate will be highly familiar with rural agricultural communities and will have at least 4 years of experience executing agricultural projects. Experience with Biogas technologies is a plus. Strong work experience that demonstrates adaptability, autonomy, good teaching skills, and proactiveness are necessary. There will likely be significant travel, and the ideal candidate will know how to move around the region, as well as how to get things and people moved and built in the region. We are looking for someone who is passionate about working for the communities and farmers we serve, and who is eager to gather and consolidate data from the field about Organic farming, bio slurry use, and impact. Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹480,000.00 /year Experience: Agronomy work: 4 years (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	2
"Job description: Set up or maintain laboratory equipment and collect samples from crops and animals. Prepare specimens or record data to assist scientists in biology or related life science experiments. Record data pertaining to experimentation, research, or animal care. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	2
"Job Description Responsible to execute, review and promote the HoReCa sales & distribution activities of Milk & Milk Products in the allotted territory by extending support to the entire Sales team, with an objective to achieve the business targets and ensure the implementation of ISO guidelines. Plan, Execute & Promote the HoReCa business and achieve the sales targets as per the business plan. Create the identity of Brand in the market and increase the visibility. Daily visit to Hotels existing as well as new. Organize Customer Contract Programs and addressing complaints. Review & identify the business gaps and develop the sales promotional activities. Ensure to review and reconciliation of sales realizations & out standings. Ensure timely supply of products with minimize the leakages, damages & transit losses. Develop market intelligence & expansion of network PO tracking on daily basis and Daily, periodical MIS reports. Effective coordination and compliance of all Statutory, ISO and Audit Queries. Individual should have hand on HoReCa sales experience in any FMCG/Dairy industry with good geographical knowledge. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry:2 / Dairy Functional Area:Sales, Retail, Business Development Role Category:Retail Sales Role:Sales Executive/Officer Keyskills horeca salessales promotionmarket intelligenceDairySales Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization Company Profile HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED The Heritage Group, founded in the year 1992 by Mr. Nara Chandrababu Naidu, is one of the fastest growing Public Listed Companies in India, with six-business divisions-Dairy, Retail, Agri, Bakery, Renewable Energy and VetCa under its flagship Company Heritage Foods Limited (Formerly known as Heritage Foods (India) Limited). The annual turnover of Heritage Foods crossed Rs.2344.01 crores in financial year 2017-18 Currently Heritage's milk and milk products have a market presence in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Maharastra, Odisha and NCR Delhi and its retail stores across Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. Integrated agri operations are in Chittoor and Medak Districts and these are the backbone to retail operations and the state of art Bakery plant at Uppal, Hyderabad, Telangana. View Contact Details+ Contact Company:HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED Apply"	2
"Required Candidate for organic farming process . Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	2
"ICRISAT Jobs 2019: 01 Scientific Officer Vacancy for Array published on 1st June 2019. On 01/06/2019, ICRISAT announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Scientific Officer. . Vacancy 1 : Scientific Officer Qualification : M.Sc Vacancies : 01 post Experience : Fresher Job Location : Hyderabad|Secunderabad Last Date to Apply : 14/06/2019Other Qualification Details: A. Essential criteria: 1. M. Sc. (Agri)/ M.Sc.(Hort)/M.Sc(Vet) in Biological Sciences with fluency in Hindi and English2. A person with a flair for field work related to watershed management, group interactions, and suitable experience will be preferred3. Proficiency in computer skills (MS Office, data analysis)4. Should be a good team player and adaptable to working in a multicultural team.B. General: This is a consolidated position for one year nine months years renewable based on the performance of the incumbent and the institute’s continuing need for the position. C. Responsibilities: Supervise on-farm farmer participatory action research trials in Mahoba district of Uttar Pradesh Constant interaction with the farmers, researchers and Department of 2 officials and act as a liaison person in the district Travel within the district and providing technical support to the farm facilitators/Lead farmers and Farmers in the district Recording of scientific data, prepare draft report, collecting of the information about the farmers and undertaking the crop cutting experiments to record yields in the demonstration plots and guide technician based in the district Regular and timely reporting for district activities and update to supervisors. Selection Procedure : only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.Hyderabad. How to Apply : Applicants should apply on or before 14-June-2019, with latest Curriculum Vitae, and the names and contact information of three references that are knowledgeable about your professional qualifications and work experience. All applications will be acknowledged. However, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"ICRISAT seeks applications from Indian Nationals for the post of Scientific Officer under DFI Project in Uttar Pradesh. This position reports to District In-charge/State coordinator – IDC ICRISAT is a non-profit, non-political organization that conducts agricultural research for development in Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa with a wide array of partners throughout the world. ICRISAT and its partners help empower those living in the semi-arid tropics, especially smallholder farmers, to overcome poverty, hunger, malnutrition and a degraded environment through more efficient and profitable 2. ICRISAT is headquartered in Patancheru near Hyderabad, India, with two regional hubs and five country offices in Sub-Saharan Africa. ICRISAT, established in 1972, is a member of the CGIAR Consortium. For more details, see www.icrisat.org. Responsibilities: Supervise on-farm farmer participatory action research trials in Mahoba district of Uttar Pradesh Constant interaction with the farmers, researchers and Department of 2 officials and act as a liaison person in the district Travel within the district and providing technical support to the farm facilitators/Lead farmers and Farmers in the district Recording of scientific data, prepare draft report, collecting of the information about the farmers and undertaking the crop cutting experiments to record yields in the demonstration plots and guide technician based in the district Regular and timely reporting for district activities and update to supervisors Essential criteria: M. Sc. (Agri)/ M.Sc.(Hort)/M.Sc(Vet) in Biological Sciences with fluency in Hindi and English Person with flair for field work related watershed management, group interactions and suitable experience will be preferred Proficiency in computer skills (MS Office, data analysis) Should be a good team player and adaptable to working in multicultural team General: This is a consolidated position for one year nine months years renewable based on the performance of the incumbent and the institute’s continuing need for the position. How to apply: Applicants should apply on or before 14-June-2019, with latest Curriculum Vitae, and the names and contact information of three references that are knowledgeable about your professional qualifications and work experience. All applications will be acknowledged. However, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. ICRISAT is an equal opportunity employer"	2
Job Description Good knowledge of Agri products. Knowledge in Horticulture. Candidate should be open to travel. Presenting the product or service in a structured professional way. Can prepare and manage Projects. Gives input/suggestions on the projects. Coordinate with various Authorities. To prepare Daily and Monthly Reports. Good Communication Skills in Hindi/English/Local Language. Should be good with of Ms Excel & Ms Word. Ability to work independently and with minimum supervisionExperience: 10-15 yearsSalary : As per Industrial norms Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 10 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)	2
"2/farming journalist to write authored articles, speeches, blogs and posts for social media. Alternatively, if you understand the agri business and have a flair for writing. Send your resume with writing samples at meghna@yorkecommunications.com"	2
"An exciting opportunity has arisen at Certifications at Navi Mumbai, India for AUDITOR – SUSTAINABILITY CERTIFICATIONS. As an Auditor – Sustainability Certifications you will be responsible for generating business leads, maintaining relationship with clients and coordinating internally and externally. Are you committed to integrity, quality, and a self driven, systematic, service oriented person and do you want to be part of our international network? Then we are looking for you! Tasks and responsibilities Auditing Document review Preparing and conducting all on-site audit activities Sampling Preparing, approving and distributing the audit report Ensuring audits reports and documents are submitted on time and review it for its completeness Conducting audit follow-up Maintaining good relation with the clients Maintaining contact with the Certifier (Certification Manager) on regular basis Assisting with handling of claims and appeals Assisting in generating business leads for the entire gamut of Sustainability Certifications Programmes Provide inputs to perform market analysis for the industry and identify new opportunities (markets, service , clients) Provide inputs to develop marketing and sales strategy to improve service awareness and enhanced CU brand proposition Assist in planning and organizing trainings, workshops and seminars for clients, regionally Keeping upbreast of all the Certifications Programmes offered by the company as well as any market innovation Keeping abreast of developments, issues and legislative changes pertaining to related industry sectors Extensive travel (up to 20-25 days in a month) across India Requirements Graduate in 2 or related discipline (2 Engineering/ Agri Business Management) Post graduate in MBA (Marketing) or 2 or Agribusiness Management Minimum 2 years of experience in marketing in 2 or related industry Experience and knowledge of sustainable and organic farming certification schemes would be an added advantage Good command of English in speech and in writing Excellent presentation skills Resourceful, fast learner with strong interpersonal skills Proficiency with MS Office Willingness to travel extensively anywhere in the country Personality traits Independent attitude towards the job Accurate in observations and reporting Systematic and analytical way of working Aimed at serving clients and team spirited Our Company From our roots in agricultural inspections, Peterson and Control Union have been operating for nearly 100 years in the field of logistics, quality, certifications and risk management. Our in-depth knowledge and experience covers all aspects of the supply chain in many industries including 2, energy, forestry, sustainability and textiles. We also offer: Multinational organization environment Excellent career growth opportunities Highly diversified and international teams and programs Legendary, young and growing multicultural team Freedom to innovate"	2
"Exciting opportunities have arisen at Commodity Inspections at Navi Mumbai & Visakhapatnam, India for TRAINEE - OPERATIONS . As a Trainee, you will be extensively exposed to all lines of our businesses. But the focus would be quantity inspections of various cargoes at port, warehouses and factory level. Are you willing to be part of our highly dynamic execution team, with a very strong will-power and determination to succeed? Then we are looking for you! Tasks and responsibilities Field Assistance & execution of inspections/ certifications according to the working instructions Execution & coordination of taking samples, preparation, packing, identification, sealing and delivery/ dispatch of samples In the event of a problem during the operations, to inform the Mentor Proper handling and use of equipments and aids, report breakdowns Assisting with handling of complaints, implementation of improvements Understanding and use of the Safety rules and Safety guidelines, use of safety gear, participate in trainings Learning administrative processes in the office Assisting and coordination of acceptance of orders from clients Assistance in management of customers and relations, filing Planning and execution of marketing, new ideas and improvements in his/her area (assigned) Report submission on the assigned subject Requirements Postgraduate in Management (Logistics & Supply chain/ Operations); Experience in related discipline would be advantageous; Good command of English language: in speech and in writing; Proficiency with MS Office Experience in conducting telephone calls and writing emails, professionally; Affiliation with working in different cultures, geographical regions; Affiliation with extensive travel & irregular working hours Our Company From our roots in agricultural inspections, Peterson and Control Union have been operating for nearly 100 years in the field of logistics, quality, certifications and risk management. Our in-depth knowledge and experience covers all aspects of the supply chain in many industries including 2, energy, forestry, sustainability and textiles. We also offer: Multinational organization environment Excellent career growth opportunities Highly diversified and international teams and programs Legendary, young and growing multicultural team"	2
"Zevik Petroleum & Gas Industries a growing company in the sector of BIO ENERGY & ENERGY FARMING . Like to hire Member for Advisory Board to 2 Development in the state of Uttar Pradesh,Haryana,Punjab ,Uttrakhand ,Bihar Respected member can apply for part time as well as full time as a member of Advisory Board for as a Advisor for Farming & 2 ( Energy Farming & Organic Farming) Job Types: Full-time, Part-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 to ₹100,000.00 /year Experience: 2: 10 years (Preferred) work: 10 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	2
"Exciting opportunities has arisen at Certifications at Bengaluru, New Delhi & Navi Mumbai, India for TRAINEE - MARKETING. As a Trainee, you will be extensively exposed to all lines of our businesses. But the focus would be quantity inspections of various cargoes at different ports of India, warehouses and factory level. The job profile involves 70% field operations and 30% research/development new service line/opportunities. Are you ambitious, self-driven, innovative, team-player, flexible attitude (No ""9 to 5"" mentality) and do you want to be part of our international network? Then we are looking for you! Tasks and responsibilities Perform market analysis for the industry Preparing reports and presentation to develop business leads Develop marketing ideas and promotional material to enhance our services and brand name Assist and drive marketing campaign: conferences, seminars, stakeholder meetings across the country Assist and generate business leads for the entire set of certification programmes of the company Sending application forms, contacts and quotation to potential clients Mapping clients requirement and providing solutions Attending to routine business queries of client and coordinating with operations to ensure earliest possible resolution Follow up on invoicing and payments with the accounts team Maintaining good relationship with clients Prepare sales MIS and suggest possible improvements Submit monthly MIS and performance reviews to the Chairman Requirements Post graduate in Management (Marketing) 1-2 years of experience in marketing would be advantageous Proficient in English language: in speech and in writing Excellent analytical and presentation skills Resourceful, fast learner with strong interpersonal skills Proficient with MS Office Willingness to travel extensively anywhere in the country Our Company From our roots in agricultural inspections, Peterson and Control Union have been operating for nearly 100 years in the field of logistics, quality, certifications and risk management. Our in-depth knowledge and experience covers all aspects of the supply chain in many industries including 2, energy, forestry, sustainability and textiles. We also offer: Multinational organization environment Excellent career growth opportunities Highly diversified and international teams and programs Legendary, young and growing multicultural team Freedom to innovate"	2
"Job Summary Hdroponic Farmer/Worker -Candidate must have atleast Vocational Diploma or Short Course Certificate in Farming, 2 Farming or equivalent - Must have experience in planting or growing plants in a water based, nutrient rich solution (hydroponics) - Available for Male applicants only Responsibilities and Duties Hdroponic Farmer/Worker -Candidate must have atleast Vocational Diploma or Short Course Certificate in Farming, 2 Farming or equivalent - Must have experience in planting or growing plants in a water based, nutrient rich solution (hydroponics) - Available for Male applicants only Qualifications and Skills -Candidate must have atleast Vocational Diploma or Short Course Certificate in Farming, 2 Farming or equivalent - Must have experience in planting or growing plants in a water based, nutrient rich solution (hydroponics) - Available for Male applicants only Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	2
"Packaging Executive-KUR00085 Cargill provides food, 2, financial and industrial products and services to the world. Together with farmers, customers, governments and communities, we help people thrive by applying our insights and over 150 years of experience. We have 155,000 employees in 70 countries who are committed to feeding the world in a responsible way, reducing environmental impact and improving the communities where we live and work. Description To serve customers ontime by using Operational excellence , talent management and risk management tools to meet co-orporate stratergies.• To train team on Cargill’s guiding principle , EHS / Food safety policies and ensure for 100 % Compliance. Preparation of work permits and closing permits once the jobs are completed Attending all Safety Related Training in plant Imparting training to sub-ordinates and contract employees in shift Conducting tool box talk in shifts Aware of start up and shut down procedures in packing plant Preparing necessary Investigation Reports on time Monitoring of all packing related CCPs & recording as per SOP Reporting any deviation in food safety norms Attending relevant food safety related training in plant Preparing necessary investigation reports on time on all quality & food safety related complaints Implementing shiftwise production plan Manning of packing lines (both contract employees & company employees) Ensuring safety in packing operations & ware house operations Ensuring food safety in packing & ware house Production planning for next shift Implementing the change overs in packing line as per SOP Monitoring packing quality as per SOP 70% Ensuring 100 % to PCRO through online weight monitoring Preparation of shift end production reports Reporting of all abnormalities to department manager Coordinating with maintenance/ utilities dept to rectify the repairs in packing machines Coordinating with Pkg Material dept to ensure the availability of required pkg material Coordinating with logistic dept to support the road & rail dispatches Coordinating with Quality dept to ensure the bulk oil availability & batch clearances 30% Qualifications Required Qualifications B Tech (Electrical/Instrumentation/Mech) with minimum 5-6 years of experience Team building / team management Communication skill Technical knowledge Preferred Qualifications B Tech Electrical/Instrumentation/Mech Engineer.Certified license from state electricity board Job Engineering Primary Location India-Maharashtra Schedule Full-time Job Type Standard Shift Day Job"	2
"Candidate will be supervise Mushroom Cultivation. Making Mushroom compost Finishing the compost. Spawning Casing Pinning Cropping Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹17,000.00 /month Experience: Supervisor: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Master's (Required)"	2
"Rentokil Initial: Rentokil Initial is an international business services company employing over 35,000 colleagues across 70 countries. We strive to protect people and enhance lives, for example by controlling pests, improving hygiene and improving interior spaces with plants and scenting. We are experts in the fields we operate in, investing in training, science, innovation and technology. Listening and acting on feedback is part of our culture to support colleagues and our customers. Rentokil Initial regards equality and fairness as a fundamental right of all of its colleagues. We live our values of Service, Relationships and Teamwork which were identified by our colleagues across the world. Find out more on careers.rentokil-initial.com Our family of businesses: Rentokil Pest Control is the world’s leading commercial pest control company, operating in 70 countries and ranked in the top 3 in 65 of those countries. Ranking in the top 3 in 38 of the 44 countries we operate in, Initial Hygiene is the market leader who provides quality, diligent and friendly services to all customers. In France, Initial Workwear specialises in the supply and laundering of workwear, garments and protective uniforms and equipment; focussing on top quality products and services. Our plant business; Ambius is seen as the expert in interior and exterior ""landscaping""; operating across the US, Europe, Asia & Pacific. Steritech Brand Protection by Rentokil Initial is an industry leader and pioneer, providing innovative solutions that help customers to mitigate risks and drive business growth. We also have specialist businesses such as Medical Services, Specialist Hygiene and Property Care, which lead their respective fields. Across all of our operations globally, we have a positive reputation amongst our customers for our knowledge and integrity. We have central support functions of Human Resources, IT, Finance, Legal and Marketing & Innovation in the Rentokil Initial Head Office locations and in country. Working within our functions departments, you would be supporting all of our businesses within India. Rentokil PCI is the leading pest control service provider in India. A Rentokil Initial brand, Rentokil PCI was formed in 2017 through a joint venture (JV) between Pest Control India, the number one pest control company in India, and Rentokil, the world’s leading pest control brand. Rentokil PCI aims to set new standards for customer service with operations across 250 locations in India. The JV brand also focuses on developing industry-leading service operations through the sharing of best practices, new innovations and the use of digital technologies. Your day to day responsibilities will include: Service Planning & Scheduling Quality Assurance & Complaint Handling Identifying Materials and Costing Service Monitoring and Customer Relationship Management Requirements: Do you have what it takes? If you want to be considered for this role you will need: Good interpersonal skillsGood Analytical & Problem solving skillsAbility to communicate effectivelyShould be proactive in planning & organisingOn Job: Very good Technical knowledge of Pests, Service Processes, Chemicals & EquipmentsTyping SkillsBsc Agricultre, Chemistry, Zoology Benefits: Are you interested? Here's what you can expect when you join us Attractive Base Salary Group Mediclaim Insurance Policy Travel Reimbursement Equal Opportunities Rentokil Initial believes in supporting all employees to provide equal opportunities and avoid discrimination. We also place emphasis on workplace diversity which means that we are serious about creating an inclusive environment that accepts each individual's differences, embraces their strengths and provides opportunities for all colleagues to achieve their full potential."	2
"Government job Directorate Farmer Welfare and 2 Development Madhya Pradesh, Bhopal The Government of MP, Department of Farmer Welfare and 2 Development, invites applications for the following posts in the project ATMA : Consultant (Finance) : 01 post, Consolidated Remuneration : Rs.20000 Sr.Technical Consultant : 04 posts, Consolidated Remuneration : Rs.12000 Consultant technical: 50 posts, Consolidate Remuneration : Rs. 15000 Technical Assistants : 150 posts, Consolidated Remuneration : Rs. 8000 Procedure to Apply : Application on the prescribed format should be sent to the Managing Director, MP Consultancy Organisation Limited, Gangotri Bhawan, T.T. Nagar, Bhopal – 462003 (MP) on or before 09/10/2009. (09/10/2009 is the last date not 30/09/09) For details and application format, Logon to: http://www.mpkrishi.org/krishinet/hindisite/ATMA_Advt_Vacancy.pdf"	2
"Job Summary Post: Biogas- Development Head. Functional Area: Marketing, Branding & Development. Work Location: Mumbai & Maharashtra. Job Profile: We are looking for passionate individuals willing to contribute positively to the dismal situation of urban waste-management. Candidates with a Techno-managerial back ground are preferred. Technical knowledge of Biogas plants and Business development/ Marketing experience would be added advantage. Team handling, strong time management skills and remaining flexible in order to accommodate multiple projects simultaneously, with tight deadlines. Responsibilities and Duties Business Development-Acquiring projects (particularly Biogas projects), following up projects to a logical conclusion and building the right kind of portfolio for the organization. Overseeing the complete project – from design, drawing till installation. Developing strategic partnerships with like-minded organizations. Designing strategies with the marketing team, sales team and building the brand. Finding new markets and diversification. Maintain good rapport with client. Qualifications and Skills Qualification: BE- Mechanical/ 2/ Energy/ Chemical/ Civil/ Any Specialization. Technical Skills: MS- Office and Auto CAD. Work Experience: 05 to 07 years in Urban Waste Management/ Biogas Plantation. Benefits Company are provided the Health Insurance, Medical Benefits with PF facility. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹35,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: Technical Skills required for Biogas Projects: 2 years (Preferred) Design & Development for Biogas Projects: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Language: English, Marathi and Hindi (Preferred)"	2
"Job Position:Senior Manager, 2 Initiatives Experience: 5 - 10 years of experience Education: Graduation or PG in 2, Agri business management. Key skill: 2 extension, Collaboration and Promotion Job Description: Support to 2 rural activities, operations, and scale-up activities by overseeing projects across Varanasi Rural and Urban. . Collaboration with state governments, social enterprises, and other key partner organizations. Planning a budget, organizing routine maintenance, Evaluation, review, Implementation, Control. Keeping records and communicating with potential product buyers. Assisting to establish linkages with private sector service providers and buyers for accessing new enterprise opportunities and in the negotiation of market contracts and MOUs with selected public and private sector partners. Maintain working relations with NABARD Bank, relevant Government departments and private sector/research institutions. Team Building and Promotional activities, oversee the program operations by providing leadership. Assisting team technical skill on crop production and crop management system and implementing crop activities in to the field. Assisting team on training, demonstration and exposure visit."	2
"Background The United Nations Volunteers (UNV) programme is the UN organization that promotes volunteerism to support peace and development worldwide. Volunteerism can transform the pace and nature of development and it benefits both society at large and the individual volunteer. UNV contributes to peace and development by advocating for volunteerism globally, encouraging partners to integrate volunteerism into development programming, and mobilizing volunteers. In most cultures volunteerism is deeply embedded in long-established, ancient traditions of sharing and support within the communities. In this context, UN Volunteers take part in various forms of volunteerism and play a role in development and peace together with co-workers, host agencies and local communities. In all assignments, UN Volunteers promote volunteerism through their action and conduct. Engaging in volunteer activity can effectively and positively enrich their understanding of local and social realities, as well as create a bridge between themselves and the people in their host community. This will make the time they spend as UN Volunteers even more rewarding and productive. Organizational Context/Project UNICEF India is fully committed to working with the Government of India to ensure that each child born in this vast and complex country gets the best start in life, thrives and develops to his or her full potential. The organisation began its work in India in 1949 with three staff members and established an office in Delhi three years later. Currently, it advocates for the rights of India’s children in 16 states. As part of UNICEF India’s WASH Strategy, the India Country Office (ICO) aims to specifically contribute to a dedicated global goal on water and sanitation (SDG 6), which sets out to “ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation services for all”. SDG 6 calls for universal access and use of WASH services and it expands the MDG’s focus on drinking water and basic sanitation to now cover the entire water cycle, including the management of water, wastewater and ecosystem resources. SDG 6 has strong linkages to all of the other SDGs and it underpins the achievement of improved health and education outcomes for children. To this end, UNICEF works with both the national and state governments and partners to effectively promote equitable access to and use of sustainable, safe, and affordable WASH services at community and facility level, especially marginalized groups and the girl child. More specifically, ICO addresses key aspects of policy where gaps exist, including: the development of frameworks for actions that enhance the sustainability of ODF outcomes and water supplies; making affordable financing options available to ensure that those in the bottom two wealth quintiles are able to access solutions that meet their needs; strengthening convergent programming especially with Nutrition Missions to reduce stunting and in schools and health facilities to ensure child survival and improved education outcomes especially for adolescent girls; regulation of WASH services to ensure the most disadvantaged receive timely and quality services; civic accountability to ensure that everyone in India is contributing in one way or another to the national dialogue towards achieving total sanitation. Some of the key issues that will be addressed throughout UNICEF India’s country programme (2018-2022) are: Sanitation: there were half a billion open defecators in India in 2015; this most particularly affects the poorest tranche of the population and most vulnerable communities. As a consequence, 39% of children under five are stunted and diarrhoea is the third leading cause of childhood mortality; Water Supply: less than 50% of the rural population is using safely managed drinking water (located on premises, available when needed and free of contamination). Moreover, two thirds of rural districts are affected by extreme water depletion: in these districts, the water table went down by 4 meters in the past 20 years; This is mainly due to over-exploitation of the water resource by the 2 industry; Hand washing practice: some studies in rural India show that as much as 34% of adults wash their hands after using a toilet; another study led by UNICEF in 540 schools shows that only 12% of schools have a hand washing station with soap and water; School WASH: the 2016 Annual Status of Education Report shows 38% of schools do not have appropriate toilet for girls; Pre-schools: 58% of pre-schools or anganwadi centers (AWC) have no toilet and 56% have no water on premises; WASH in Health facilities: sepsis is directly responsible for 11% of maternal deaths in India and 15% of new-born mortality; and Menstrual Hygiene Management: There is a need to address Menstrual Hygiene Management in a holistic and convergent manner to address issues of taboos, norms, and demand, supply and quality assurance. Intended achievements and results for the WASH Programme by 2022: The proportion of the rural population practicing open defecation is reduced by 37% in a sustainable and equitable manner. This is around 360 million less people defecating in the open by 2022. This represents about half of the global burden, and around 80% of the OD burden in South Asia. The proportion of population using a safely managed drinking water service in rural communities is increased by 20%. The proportion of the rural population practising regular hand washing with soap is doubled (from 33% to 66%). The proportion of pre-schools, schools and health facilities reaching the minimum WASH standards in rural areas is respectively increased by 33%, 25% and 46%. UNICEF is working at national level and in 15 of the states of India with the greatest need for improved WASH. These states are at different levels of development and are characterized by differing capacity contexts: Transition states: Maharashtra, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu High burden states: Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, West Bengal States with large tribal populations: Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Assam, Odisha Living Conditions Assam is a state in northeastern India, situated south of the eastern Himalayas along the Brahmaputra and Barak River valleys. With the ""Tropical Monsoon Rainforest Climate"", Assam is temperate (summer max. at 95–100 °F or 35–38 °C and winter min. at 43–46 °F or 6–8 °C) and experiences heavy rainfall and high humidity. The climate is characterised by heavy monsoon downpours reducing summer temperatures and affecting foggy nights and mornings in winters, frequent during the afternoons. Spring (Mar–Apr) and autumn (Sept–Oct) are usually pleasant with moderate rainfall and temperature. Assam's 2 usually depends on the south-west monsoon rains. Every year, flooding from the Brahmaputra and other rivers deluges places in Assam. The water levels of the rivers rise because of rainfall resulting in the rivers overflowing their banks and engulfing nearby areas. Conditions of Service for International UN Youth Volunteer A 12-month contract; with subsequent contract extensions subject to availability of funding, operational necessity and satisfactory performance. However, there is no expectation of renewal of the assignment. Travel to duty station (if applicable) and a Settling-In-Grant will be provided in the event duty station is not within commuting distance from the place of recruitment. A Volunteer Living Allowance (VLA) of Rs. 42,473.67 (Rupees Forty-Two Thousand Four Hundred Seventy-Three and Paise Sixty-Seven only) is provided monthly to cover housing, utilities and normal cost of living expenses. Life, health and permanent disability insurance are included (health insurance for up to 3 dependents), as well as final repatriation (if applicable) and resettlement allowance for satisfactory service. Interested candidates should submit their applications at http://www.in.undp.org/content/india/en/home/operations/careers/. Duties and Responsibilities The UNV is expected to support the WASH Specialist in Guwahati, Assam in the development, implementation and monitoring of the WASH programme in Assam. The following tasks are expected: Support programme development and planning, including support to prepare situation analysis, concept notes, terms of references as required. Support programme management, monitoring and delivery of results, including support for field montoring visits in programme locations and to prepare monitoring reports. Support technical and operational support for programme implementation, including support to identify technical and operational challenges and opportunities, and provide on the ground handholding support to counterparts as required. Support networking and partnership building, including support to identify potential partners, development / review of concept notes and partnership documents and regular follow up with existing partners. Support innovation, knowledge management and capacity building, including support to document good practices, develop case studies and human interest stories, and identify potential areas for capacity development. Furthermore, UN Volunteers are required to: Strengthen their knowledge and understanding of the concept of volunteerism by reading relevant UNV and external publications and take active part in UNV activities (for instance in events that mark IVD); Be acquainted with and build on traditional and/or local forms of volunteerism in the host country; Reflect on the type and quality of voluntary action that they are undertaking, including participation in ongoing reflection activities; Contribute articles/write-ups on field experiences and submit them for UNV publications/websites, newsletters, press releases, etc.; Assist with the UNV Buddy Programme for newly-arrived UN Volunteers; Promote or advise local groups in the use of online volunteering or encourage relevant local individuals and organizations to use the UNV Online Volunteering service whenever technically possible. Results/Expected Outputs The support provided by the UNV will enable the country office to implement the WASH programme in Assam. This, in turn, will contribute to the achievement of the outcome results of the country programme document. When done effectively, the achievement of the outcome results will improve child survival, growth and development and reduce inequalities in the country. Competencies Core Values Commitment Diversity and Inclusion Integrity Core competencies Communication (II) Working with people (II) Drive for results (II) Functional competencies Formulating strategies and concepts (I) Analyzing (II) Relating and networking (II) Deciding and Initiating action (I) Applying technical expertise (II) Following instructions and Procedures [II] Planning and Organizing [II] Maintaining Information and database [II] Results focus and results oriented delivery Develops an understanding of unit’s needs and the products and services required to support them Facilitates work planning, alerting those involved of potential obstacles and helping identify suitable alternative options Manages time and resources efficiently Communication Contributes to clear and open communication Presents information using language and a sequence of ideas that is easy for recipients to understand Keeps all those concerned informed in a timely manner. Maintaining Information and database Collects information, drafts reports, finalizes minutes of Results Group’s meetings and activities, maintains information/databases Records information in a timely, organized and accessible manner Actively seeks to apply technology to appropriate tasks Shows willingness to learn new technology Organizational effectiveness Understanding and building formal and informal networks in the organizational environment to obtain results. As a UNV volunteer, the incumbent is expected to promote volunteerism and/or engaging in volunteering activities. Inter alia strengthen knowledge and understanding of the concept of volunteerism by reading relevant, UNV and other publications and taking active part in UNV activities; Ethics and values Shows willingness to work without bias and with all persons regardless of gender, nationality, religion or culture Reliably delivers on promises and honours commitment holding himself/herself accountable for actions taken Demonstrates and promotes the highest standard of integrity, impartiality, fairness and incorruptibility in all matters affecting his/her work and status Team working Accepts team role, contributes to the work of the team actively and constructively Works collaboratively with colleagues in the UN system to pursue common goals Required Skills and Experience University degree in Engineering, Hydrogeology, Environmental Sciences, Population sciences, Social Sciences and social work, Public Health, Rural Development and Management, or other revelant technical field. At least 1 year of professional working experience. Fluency in spoken and written English is required and knowledge of additional language is an asset"	2
"EXECUTIVE / ASSISTANT MANAGER – R&D: M.Sc in Plant Pathology / Entomology or 2 chemistry & Soil Science candidates needs to apply for this position. The candidate will be responsible to develop agro base products like insecticide, fungicides, repellants & growth promoters and its stability To conduct field trails on various crops at various locations Identifying plant diseases on different plants & crops Knowledge in report writing, management & data storage Should have strong knowledge about pest and diseases of vegetable & field crops Job Location : Rabale"	2
"2 University Jodhpur Jobs 2019: 02 Agromet Observer Vacancy for Array Salary 20,000 published on 30th May 2019. On 29/05/2019, 2 University Jodhpur announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Agromet Observer. . Vacancy 1 : Agromet Observer Qualification : 12TH Vacancies : 02 posts Salary : Rs. 20,000Per Month Experience : Fresher Job Location : Jodhpur Last Date to Apply : 10/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Qualification : 10+2 in Science (preferably 60% and above marks) 2. Desirable : Working experience in the related field (Agromet, Agro-physics, 2) Proficiency in Computer 3. Salary : Rs.20000/- Per MonthAge: 35 YearsAddress. 2 University Jodhpur, Jodhpur, Mandore, Rajasthan 342304 Selection Procedure : Interviewed How to Apply : 1. A passport size photograph should be fixed on the top of the format of application. 2. No TA/DA will be paid for attending the interview. 3. Filled application as per format without anv fee should reach to the office Of Director Extn. Edu., Directorate of Extension Education, 2 University- Mandor, Jodhpur 342 304 (Raj.) by speed post or by hand on or before 10.06.19. Unsigned application will be rejected. 4. Short listed candidates will be interviewed on 15.06.2019 at above referred address. Interview will be focused on knowledge of Agro-meteorology, Agro-physics, 2 and basics of computer. FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"Job Summary Experience in 2 area estimation and or crop classification would be preferable. Qualifications and Skills The candidate must have MSc 2 and GIS training or MTech in Geo informatics Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹480,000.00 to ₹600,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	2
"Rentokil Initial: Rentokil Initial is an international business services company employing over 35,000 colleagues across 70 countries. We strive to protect people and enhance lives, for example by controlling pests, improving hygiene and improving interior spaces with plants and scenting. We are experts in the fields we operate in, investing in training, science, innovation and technology. Listening and acting on feedback is part of our culture to support colleagues and our customers. Rentokil Initial regards equality and fairness as a fundamental right of all of its colleagues. We live our values of Service, Relationships and Teamwork which were identified by our colleagues across the world. Find out more on careers.rentokil-initial.com Our family of businesses: Rentokil Pest Control is the world’s leading commercial pest control company, operating in 70 countries and ranked in the top 3 in 65 of those countries. Ranking in the top 3 in 38 of the 44 countries we operate in, Initial Hygiene is the market leader who provides quality, diligent and friendly services to all customers. In France, Initial Workwear specialises in the supply and laundering of workwear, garments and protective uniforms and equipment; focussing on top quality products and services. Our plant business; Ambius is seen as the expert in interior and exterior ""landscaping""; operating across the US, Europe, Asia & Pacific. Steritech Brand Protection by Rentokil Initial is an industry leader and pioneer, providing innovative solutions that help customers to mitigate risks and drive business growth. We also have specialist businesses such as Medical Services, Specialist Hygiene and Property Care, which lead their respective fields. Across all of our operations globally, we have a positive reputation amongst our customers for our knowledge and integrity. We have central support functions of Human Resources, IT, Finance, Legal and Marketing & Innovation in the Rentokil Initial Head Office locations and in country. Working within our functions departments, you would be supporting all of our businesses within India. Rentokil PCI is the leading pest control service provider in India. A Rentokil Initial brand, Rentokil PCI was formed in 2017 through a joint venture (JV) between Pest Control India, the number one pest control company in India, and Rentokil, the world’s leading pest control brand. Rentokil PCI aims to set new standards for customer service with operations across 250 locations in India. The JV brand also focuses on developing industry-leading service operations through the sharing of best practices, new innovations and the use of digital technologies. Your day to day responsibilities will include: Service Planning & Scheduling Quality Assurance & Complaint Handling Identifying Materials and Costing Service Monitoring and Customer Relationship Management Requirements: Do you have what it takes? If you want to be considered for this role you will need: Good interpersonal skillsGood Analytical & Problem solving skillsAbility to communicate effectivelyShould be proactive in planning & organisingOn Job: Very good Technical knowledge of Pests, Service Processes, Chemicals & EquipmentsTyping SkillsBsc Agricultre, Chemistry, Zoology Benefits: Are you interested? Here's what you can expect when you join us Attractive Base Salary Group Mediclaim Insurance Policy Travel Reimbursement Equal Opportunities Rentokil Initial believes in supporting all employees to provide equal opportunities and avoid discrimination. We also place emphasis on workplace diversity which means that we are serious about creating an inclusive environment that accepts each individual's differences, embraces their strengths and provides opportunities for all colleagues to achieve their full potential."	2
1. International Sourcing of Pulses 2. Supply Chain Management 3. Selling of pulses through broker 4. Risk Management 5. Managing P and L book for Pulses desk Have relevant experience Specifically in 2 commodity / Pulses Trading	2
"Job Description JOB SUMMARY: Responsible to ensure all Preventive Maintenance Operations of the Plant, Machinery & Equipments and avoid inconveniences in the day-to-day operations of the plant. KEY RESULT AREAS Responsible for General Mechanical & Electrical Maintenance, Break-down Maintenance and Lubrication of Machinery & Equipments. Responsible for periodical preventive maintenance schedules of all Machinery & Equipments and maintain their records from time to time. Responsible for preparation of material indents for all Mechanical & Electrical Spares/Equipments as per the requirement. Ensure to follow Safety Guidelines and address the issues within least possible time. Ensure coordination among the team and carryout activities/assignments within the schedule time. Ensure to coordinate all statutory inspections pertaining to Mechanical & Electrical as per the schedule. Responsible for Manpower planning, PMS and Training & Development. Implementation of the guidelines given as per GMP, ISO, etc. Experience in any Dairy/Food/FMCG/Processing industries shall be preferred. Green filed/Brown field projects execution experience shall be an added advantage. Work Location: Manor, Phalghar-District, Maharashtra. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry:2 / Dairy Functional Area:Production, Manufacturing, Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Industrial Engineer Keyskills Electrical MaintenanceElectricalsPlant MachineryPreventive MaintenanceMaintenance OperationsManpower Planning Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG:B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Electrical, Diploma - Electrical Company Profile HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED The Heritage Group, founded in the year 1992 by Mr. Nara Chandrababu Naidu, is one of the fastest growing Public Listed Companies in India, with six-business divisions-Dairy, Retail, Agri, Bakery, Renewable Energy and VetCa under its flagship Company Heritage Foods Limited (Formerly known as Heritage Foods (India) Limited). The annual turnover of Heritage Foods crossed Rs.2344.01 crores in financial year 2017-18 Currently Heritage's milk and milk products have a market presence in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Maharastra, Odisha and NCR Delhi and its retail stores across Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. Integrated agri operations are in Chittoor and Medak Districts and these are the backbone to retail operations and the state of art Bakery plant at Uppal, Hyderabad, Telangana. View Contact Details+ Contact Company:HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED Apply"	2
Procurement of Agricultural Commodities.- Selling of 2 commodities in International Market.- Business to business selling of commodities- Price Negotiation- Supply chain Management.- Client Relationship.	2
Qualification : M.Sc / M.Tech (Microbiology/ Food Science / Food Technology) Experience : 4 to 5 Years Job Location : Hosur Job Type: Full-time Experience: food safety officer: 4 years (Required) Education: Master's (Required)	2
"Job Summary We expect all these people to bring new skills to MicroSave. Ideal candidate should bring: 1. Deep domain expertise to help us get deeper into existing capabilities of food, fuel and fertiliser 2. Expertise in new sector or capability that align with our aspirations such as health, WASH, global development, public policy, economics, government advisory, digital technology for governance etc. Essential Skills Should have expertise in -Health, WASH (Water, Sanitation and Hygiene), food, 2, petroleum (LPG, fertilizer), rural development, women and child development, social protection, education, and energy. Description Job Description:- Experience in development and social sector with a consulting firm, think tank, donor/development agency, research organization or government Excellent communication skills, writing skills, presentation skills, research skills (primary and secondary), intellectual curiosity and passion for social and development sector Experience in one or more of the following sectors:- Health, WASH (Water, Sanitation and Hygiene), food, 2, petroleum (LPG, fertilizer), rural development, women and child development, social protection, education, and energy Experience in one or more of the following functional areas – Strategy and public policy design for social welfare programs Process reengineering and digitization Social welfare program implementation Financial inclusion Social protection Direct benefit transfer Public finance and expenditure Monitoring and evaluationHuman centered design Project management Existing relationships with government, multilateral agencies, donor agencies, think tanks and industry will be a plus"	2
Education: Bachelors/ Masters Experience: 1-2 years Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)	2
"Job Summary The role entails Learning and implementing the new methodologies of urban Farming The role would involve working with urban farmers and assisting with set up of new technologies in Vertical and Urban Farming. The primary role is to aid and make better decisions to increase agricultural production. Responsibilities and Duties About the Internship: Selected intern's day-to-day responsibilities include: 1. Monitor the poly house and the daily activities 2. Process notes and conduct audits 3. Maintain the cash accounts 4. Maintain all reports and document all details 5. Manage the overall running of a Farm of growing crops. Only those candidates can apply who: * are available for full time (in-office) internship * can start the internship between 15th March '19 and 1st Apr'19 * are available for duration of 3 months * have relevant skills and interests Wants to learn and is willing to take initiative and lead towards better management and upkeep of urban Farms Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Must be holding a bachelor's degree in 2. Must be keen and interested in learning about the new methods of Farming Must be willing to participate actively in the day to day workings of managing and setting up of the various aspects of the Farm and its upkeep. Benefits Certificate Letter of recommendation Job offer. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹120,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	2
"2 knowledge mandatory Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	2
"Bachelor’s in 2. The supervisor is responsible for keeping workers on task and ensuring the vegetables are properly grown, harvested, and distributed. Farm supervisors may work in the fields with their crews and often have business tasks like scheduling, budgeting, and record keeping. They may also be in charge of marketing the products and finding buyers. * Train workers in techniques such as planting, harvesting, weeding, or insect identification and in the use of safety measures. Evaluation of quality crops and plants Operate farming equipment. Inspect equipment or facilities to determine condition or maintenance needs. Calculate or monitor budgets for maintenance or development of collections, grounds, or infrastructure. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹13,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred)"	2
"Procurement Plan and Strategy Develop, lead and execute purchasing strategies. Have a clear annual Purchase plan in place with objectives and priorities agreed in the budget period for the projects. Provide the Team with (supply market) knowledge and sourcing strategies, differentiating the procurement function, ultimately helping to create a competitive edge for the business. Creating high performance procurement through innovative sourcing strategy development and optimized supplier selection and management. Track and report key functional metrics to reduce expenses and improve effectiveness Forecast price and market trends to identify changes of balance in buyer-supplier power Supplier assessment and Negotiation preparation, to select suppliers who can deliver the required value while minimizing the total cost of ownership and/or minimizing the risks Strategic Sourcing : Negotiation and implementation, to negotiate a contract with the qualified suppliers and to plan implementation in order to realize the negotiated value at minimal total cost of ownership. Total cost of ownership (TCO), incl. operating working capital (OWC) and risk management. Agree on best possible prices and conditions for required goods and services so that best value for money is guaranteed. Determine quantity and timing of deliveries Responsible for procurement of types of Agro items related to broken rice and Maize Capital Items, Contract Negotiations, Material Planning, Laisoning with Vendors/Suppliers and coordinate with concerned departments. Supply Management Identify and Establish new relationship with suppliers. Manage relationship with suppliers. To ensure efficient execution of contracts (supplier commitments & BU commitments) Should develop & implement, effective vendor and material approval process in place and look for continuous improvement opportunities in supplier performance and TCO. Need to Monitor Continuously: supplier performance in accordance with supplier evaluation and audit policies. Should plan audits periodically both internally as well as externally Lead supplier development activities; set up cross-functional review meetings with suppliers in order to improve performance and further reduce cost. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Agricultural products procurement: 5 years (Required) Procurement: 5 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	2
"JNKVV Jobs 2019: 14 Subject Matter Specialist, Agromet Observer Vacancy for Any Graduate, Any Post Graduate, B.Sc, B.Tech/B.E published on 1st June 2019. On 30/05/2019, JNKVV announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Any Graduate, Any Post Graduate, B.Sc, B.Tech/B.E for the position of Subject Matter Specialist, Agromet Observer. . Vacancy 1 : Subject Matter Specialist Qualification : Any Graduate, Any Post Graduate Vacancies : 7 posts Experience : Fresher Job Location : Jabalpur Walk-In Date : 20/06/2019 - 21/06/2019Other Qualification Details: A. Qualification: a. Bachelors' degree in concerned/relevant field with atleast 6.00 OCGA out of 10.00 point scale or equivalent (Trimester/Semester System or atleast 50% marks (Traditional System); and Masters' degree with good academic record, 55% marks (or ian equivalent garde in a point scale wherever grading system is followed) in Agro meteorology / Meteorology/ Agronomy/ 2 Physics also considered but preference will be given to candidates with Agrometrology qualification B. Desirable: Diploma computer application. The requirement regarding minimum percentage of marks shall be relaxed up to 5% in any one degree case of SC/ST/OBC candidates of M.P. C. Pay Scale : Rs 61150/- Per MonthAge: 45 yearsApplication Fee: Application with demand draft of Rs 1000/-(Rs one thousand only) for unreserved& OBC and Rs.400/- (Rs,. Four hundred only) for SC and ST Category in favour of Director Extension Services, JNKVV, Jabalpur Vacancy 2 : Agromet Observer Qualification : B.Sc, B.Tech/B.E, Any Graduate Vacancies : 07 posts Salary : Rs. 23,650Per Month Experience : Fresher Job Location : Jabalpur Walk-In Date : 20/06/2019 - 21/06/2019Other Qualification Details: A. Qualification: a.Agromet Observer should be B.Sc. 2 / Horticulture / Forestry or B.Tech in Agricultural Engineering. 2. Bachelors' degree atleast 6.00 OCGA out of 10.00 point scale or equivalent (Trimester/Semester System or atleast 50% marks (Traditional System is followed). B. Desirable: Diploma in computer application. C. Pay Scale : Rs 23650/- Per MonthAge: 45 yearsApplication Fee: Application with demand draft of Rs 1000/-(Rs one thousand only) for unreserved& OBC and Rs.400/- (Rs,. Four hundred only) for SC and ST Category in favour of Director Extension Services, JNKVV, JabalpurNote. 1. Knowledge of Hindi is essential. 2. Those candidates who are already working in any project/scheme/organization should bring ""No Objection Certificate"" from his present employer. 3. On the date of Walk-ln-lnterview required Certificates should be produced in original for verification. 4. The experience in the relevant area will be counted after acquiring the basic minimum Qualifications. 5. The requirement regarding minimum percentage of marks shall be relaxed up to 5% in case of SC/ST/OBC candidates of (M.P.) 6. Application for each post should be filled separately along with its fee. General Terms and Conditions. 1. The above position is purely temporary and will be filled in on Contractual basis. 2. No TA/DA will be paid for attending the interview. 3. The selected candidate shall have no right/claim for regular appointment at this V V, as the appointment is co-terminus with the Project/Scheme. 4. Eligible and interested candidates may attend Walk-in-Interview on the date as indicated with original certificates, experience certificate in the relevant area and research publication, alongwith application form with one set of attested photocopies of all essential qualification from 10th standard onwards along with two passport size photographs. 5. Eligible candidates are advised to be present at least 30 minutes before scheduled time on the date of interview for completing necessary formalities. Canvassing in any form will disqualify the candidates. 6. The existence of the posts under scheme is exclusively dependent of the financial aid from the funding agencies therefore as and when the financial aid is withdrawal 'stopped tiom the ICAR / the Indian Meteorological [Department (IMD), Ministry of Earth Science (MOES), New Delhi the contract of the candidates will be terminated. 7. Application must have the requisite qualifications and experience on the date of interview. 8. Applications not accompanied by application fee or copies of certificates/degree, mark-sheet/transcript in support of academic qualifications, filled in informative guidelines and other required documents shall be summarized rejected. Selection Procedure : Walk In Interview How to Apply : District Agro-met Units (DAMUs) at Krishi Vigyan Kendra Singrauli, Rewa, Kami. Damoh, Shahdol, Badgaon (Balaghat) and Nowgaon (Chhattarpur) will be conducted on at 20/6/2019 10.30 Hrs and 21/6/2019 at 10.30 Hrs, respectively. The remuneration / salary of manpower to pay as per 6th CPC or 70' CPC prorate on contractual basis co-terminus with the Gramin Krishi Mausam Seva (GKMS) scheme on year to year extension basis. The eligible candidates are invited to appear before the selection committee for walk-in- interview at Directorate of Extension, Jawaharlal Nehru Krishi Vishwa Vidyalaya, Jabalpur. Numbers of vacancies, Application format, Qualifications, Terms and conditions and other details are available on Vishwa Vidyalaya website wmvjnkvv.org.FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"Getting the best price and quality for purchases. Able to operate in a blue-chip environment. Experience of outsourcing to low cost countries. Solid negotiation experience and interpersonal skills. Process development and improvement. Making recommendations and implementing changes. Predicting future purchasing needs. Supply chain management for agro base product. Transport arrangement from procurement stage to our plant Evaluation of our requirement of agro base product and find out the sourcing Managing sales and distribution of the company through All Maharashtra Preparing reports and other data as required by Accounts & Finance Department and Operation Department Evaluating advance account base product with agro , having contact with farmer and 2 market. Job Description Education Details tion- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, Graduation Not Required, Other Graduate, B.Sc - Any Specialization, Bio-Chemistry, Biology, Botany, Food Technology, Home science, Arch - Architecture PG: MBA/PGDM - Any SpecializationIndustry: FMCG / Foods / Beverage Functional Area: Supply Chain , Logistics , Purchase , Materials Role Category: Purchase/Material Management Role: Purchase/Vendor Development Manager Seniority Level Mid-Senior level Industry Food & Beverages Employment Type Full-time Job Functions Purchasing Job Type: Full-time"	2
"Introduction We, Valiant Commodities LLC are commodity trading company head quartered in Houston, USA .We operate trade houses from India, Singapore and China. Our company is mainly engaged in trading of Steel Pipes, Ferrous and Non Ferrous metals, Minerals, Fresh fruits and Vegetables. Apart from trading, our expertise is in moving of containerized commodities all over the world. Job Summary We are currently looking for candidates having good experience in Rice Trading. The ideal candidate shall be joining our team in India office. Skills & Abilities Diploma/Bachelors/Masters in 2 is preferred. Experience in procuring and marketing rice. Exposure to export market is an advantage. Must have good knowledge in quality testing and grading of rice. Ability to speak multiple languages. Candidates should be willing to travel extensively. Mode of Selection Resume scrutiny. Telephonic interview. Face to Face interview. NOTE: Resume should contain candidate’s project and work experience details. Job location is in Vijayawada and willing to relocate. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	2
Required Qualification: Ph.D. in 2 Science or 2 Engineering Required Work Experience: 2-10 Years Sex: M/F	2
"Name of the Post: TNPSC Combined Engineering Services Exam Online Form Post Date: 29-05-2019 Total Vacancy: 475 Brief Information: Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) has advertised a notification for conducting Combined Engineering Service exam. Those Candidates who are interested in the vacancy details & completed all eligibility criteria can read the Notification & Apply Online. Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) Advt No: 18/2019 Combined Engineering Services Exam 2019 WWW.FREEJOBALERT.COM Application Fee One Time Registration Fee: Rs. 150/- Written Examination Fee: Rs. 200/- For SC/ ST/ PWD/ ESM & Other: NIL Payment Mode: Online through Net Banking/ Credit card/ Debit card or it can be paid by offline at SBI/ Indian Bank/ Post Office within 2 days from the date of submission of online application by choosing the option in the online application. Important Dates Date of Notification: 29-05-2019 Last Date to Apply Online: 28-06-2019 Last Date for payment of Fee through Bank: 30-06-2019 Date of Written Examination: 10-08-2019 Age Limit (as on 01-07-2019) For SCs, SC(A)s, STs, MBCs/DCs, BCs, BCMs & Destitute Widows of all Caste: No Age Limit Max age for Others for Assistant Electrical Inspector: 39 Years Max age for Others for Remaining Posts: 30 Years Age relaxation is applicable as per rules. Vacancy Details Post Name Total Qualification Assistant Electrical Inspector 10 Degree (Electrical Engg) with experience Assistant Engineer (2) 93 BE/ B.Tech/ B.Sc (Agri) orBE (Mech)/ BE (Civil)/ B.Tech (Automobile Engg)/ BE (Production/ Industrial Engg) Assistant Engineer(Civil) 193 BE (Civil Engg. Civil & Structural Engg) Assistant Engineer (Electrical) 13 Degree (Electrical Engg) Assistant Director of Industrial Safety and Health 26 Degree (Mech or Production or Industrial or Electrical or Chemical Engg or Textile Technology) Assistant Engineer (Civil) (Highways) 123 Degree (Civil Engg) Assistant Engineer(Civil) (Maritime Board) 02 BE (Civil Engg) Junior Architect 15 Diploma/ Degree (Architecture ) Interested Candidates Can Read the Full Notification Before Apply Online Important Links Apply Online Official Website"	2
"Job Description 1. Responsible to coordinate and ensure the availability of Quality and Trained security staff from the service providers in line with our business requirement. 2. Responsible to ensure accurate administration of all relevant registers and records. 3. Responsible to ensure for stringent inspection of in coming and out going vehicles, employees etc., at the main gate at all times. 4. Ensure to infuse and inculcate strict discipline among the security team. 5. Responsible for fire and emergency rescue system ready for use at all times. 6. Responsible to ensure all the security service providers shall adhere the relevant statutory compliances. 7. Shall handle Grievances relating to Direct & Indirect Team movements in close coordination with the concerned Unit In-charges /Functional Heads. 8. Responsible to submit required reports on periodical basis to your reporting authority. Salary: INR As per industry norms Industry:2 / Dairy Functional Area:Defence Forces, Security Services Role:Security Manager Keyskills administrationsecurityemployee relationsindustrial relationsAdministrationx Desired Candidate Profile Graduate / Post Graduate with 5 to 10 years of experience in any manufacturing background and able to handle a team of 10 security personnel. preference will be given to Ex-service man and willing to stay near by Plant. Education- Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED The Heritage Group, founded in the year 1992 by Mr. Nara Chandrababu Naidu, is one of the fastest growing Public Listed Companies in India, with six-business divisions-Dairy, Retail, Agri, Bakery, Renewable Energy and VetCa under its flagship Company Heritage Foods Limited (Formerly known as Heritage Foods (India) Limited). The annual turnover of Heritage Foods crossed Rs.2344.01 crores in financial year 2017-18 Currently Heritage's milk and milk products have a market presence in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Maharastra, Odisha and NCR Delhi and its retail stores across Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. Integrated agri operations are in Chittoor and Medak Districts and these are the backbone to retail operations and the state of art Bakery plant at Uppal, Hyderabad, Telangana. View Contact Details+ Recruiter Name:Chaudhary Contact Company:HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED Telephone:9948727899 Reference Id:HNL : SEC :001 Website:https://www.heritagefoods.in/ Send a Query Email Id Please provide your email address Query Please enter your query Attach Resume (Optional) Supported Formats: doc, docx, rtf, pdf Max file size: 2MB Send me Jobs like this I agree to Terms & ConditionsPlease agree to the terms and conditions to continue. Apply"	2
"Qualifications: Diploma in 2 Experience: Minimum 4-5 years of working experience in agricultural farm lands – hands on maize crop cultivation is preferred. Job Profile: Land Preparation activities Farm worker management Timely fertilizer application Pest management practices Harvesting activities All farm related activities Required experience, skills and experience Preference will be given to the persons who have owned experience on field agricultural practices. Ability to speak and understand Telugu. Ready to work anywhere in state of Telangana Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 4 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	2
Job Summary Require relevant experience and qualication Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 7 years (Required) Education: Doctorate (Required)	2
"G.B. Pant University of 2 and Technology Jobs 2019: 01 Facilitator Vacancy for Array Salary 17,000 published on 28th May 2019. On 25/05/2019, G.B. Pant University of 2 and Technology announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Facilitator. . Vacancy 1 : Facilitator Qualification : B.Sc, M.Sc Vacancies : 01 post Salary : Rs. 17,000Per Month Experience : 20 - 25 years Job Location : Udham Singh Nagar Last Date to Apply : 10/06/2019Other Qualification Details: Applications are invited for one facilitator on fixed pay of Rs. 17000/- per month for one year under Nodal Training Institute-Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Kashipur (U.S. Nagar) for one year Diploma in Agricultural Extension Services for input dealers1. Essential: Graduate/Post Graduate in 2/Horticulture.2. Desirable: 1. 2 Graduate having an experience of around 20 years in Department of 2, SAUs or KVKs. 2. The candidate should have adequate knowledge about the 2 activities under taken in the district.3. Responsibilities: 1. Identification of resource persons for sessions and institutes/research stations/progressive farmers' fields for field visit. 2. Organizing classes on the decided days. 3. Preparation of location-specific study material. 4. Conducting quizzes/practicals/final exam/viva-voce and evaluation. 5. Coordination with Officials of NTIs, ATMA and SAMET.1, as required. 6. Maintenance of records and submission of reports. 7. Any other activities assigned by NTIs/ATMA.,Age: Maximum Age below 60 yearsAddress. Office of Officer Incharge, KVK, Kashipur, Bazpur Road, Kashipur (U.S. Nagar). Selection Procedure : Selection Will be Based either Written Exam/Interview How to Apply : Applicants possessing following qualification should apply on plain paper on the following prescribed proforma and submit their application to the undersigned latest by 10th June, 2019 upto 5.00 PM and may appear for interview on June 14th, 2019 at 3.00 PM in the Office of Officer Incharge, KVK, Kashipur, Bazpur Road, Kashipur (U.S. Nagar). No separate interview letter will be issued and no TA/DA will be paid for appearing in the interview.FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"we want a B.sc in 2...........or diploma in b.sc 2........ ER. RIMJHIM SAHU aakrati consulting engineers Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required)"	2
"Government job Orissa University of 2 & Technology (OUAT) Bhubaneswar – 751003, Orissa Applications are invited from the eligible candidates for recruitment to the following vacant posts in Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVK) under OUAT, Bhubaneswar : Programme Coordinator : 18 posts, Pay Scale : Rs.15600-39100 plus AGP Rs.8000/- Subject Matter Specialist : 25 posts in various disciplines, Pay Scale : Rs.15600-39100 AGP Rs. 6000/- Farm Manager : 04 post, Pay Scale : Rs.9300-34800 /- GP Rs.4200/- Application Fee : Bank Draft worth Rs.400/- only for the post of Programme Coordinator, Rs.300/- only for the post of Subject Matter Specialist and Rs.200/- for the post of Farm Manager drawn in favour of Comptroller, OUAT, Bhubaneswar payable at State Bank of India, OUAT Campus Branch, Bhubaneswar-751003 How to Apply : Application in the prescribed format should be send to the Registrar, OUAT, Bhubaneswar-751 003, Orissa on or before09/01/2012."	2
"Applications are invited for selection of following posts for District AgroMet Unit at Krishi Vigyan Kedra (KVK)- Panchmahal, Vejalpur (Gujarat) purely temporary/contractual basis co-teriminus with GKMS Scheme Subject Matter Specialist (Agrometeorology) No. of posts: 01 Age Limit*: 18-35 years Pay Scale as per 6th CPC: Rs.15600-39100 (GP Rs.5400)+ DA+ HRA Essential Qualification/ Eligibility: Post-Graduation in Agro-meteorology/Meteorology/Agronomy/2 Physics but preference will be given to the candidate with Agrometeorology qualification Selection Process: Written test & Interview. Last date for the submission of application is 22.06,.2019 (05.00 p.m) Experience:0-5 Years Location:Bikarner Education:Post-Graduation Company:ICAR- Central Institute for Arid Horticulture Last Date:22 Jun 2019 Company Info. ICAR- Central Institute for Arid Horticulture ICAR- Central Institute for Arid Horticulture Beechwal, Sriganganagar Highway, Bikarner (Rajasthan)- 334006"	2
"ONLY LOCAL FRESHER CANDIDATES FROM KODIRAM, GORAKHPUR (UP). QUALIFICATION: 2 GRADUATE CANDIDATE EXPERIENCE: FRESHER ARE NEEDED. JOB LOCATION: KODIRAM, GORAKHPUR(UP) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹11,000.00 /month"	2
"Job Position:Senior Manager, 2 Initiatives, Activities Experience: 0 - 3 years of experience Education: Graduation or PG in 2, Diploma (Agri). Key skill: Crop management, Farmers club, Promotion and Field activities. Job Description: Responsible to conduct village campaign, village level meetings and farmer events etc. Farmer Mobilization, making farmers club and working on survey of farmers etc. Working on training and workshops related crop, technical support on crop production and crop management system and implementing crop activities in to the field. Should be responsible to handle promotional and branding of DF Agri initiatives. Assisting to manager on project implementation activities and coordinating agro and former rural based activities. Planning evaluation documentation and reporting to program manager"	2
"Phoenix Group, with head office at Jabalpur (Madhya Pradesh), is a fast growing multiactivity business house, established in 1972 as Phoenix Poultry primarily to promote commercial poultry and 2, Phoenix Group has diversified into myriad spheres ranging from the essential 2 to modern Information Technology. Poultry Nutritionist is a highly responsible position with a primary expectation to provide both remote and on the farm technical support for our sales team, customized nutritional programs for customers, as well as the coordination of poultry research projects. This role requires an extremely perceptive person, who is capable of relating to individuals on all levels. As unique situations present themselves, the selected candidate must be sensitive to customer needs, corporate goals, team member goodwill and public image. Your responsibilities include: Provide nutritional and technical sales support to Production Managers and assigned producer accounts. Participate with other Tech Team members/allied suppliers/top accounts’ nutritionists in developing “think tank” meetings. Responsible for sales and technical support to assigned national accounts, to meet volume and income targets. Provide support and backup to other technical team members and their assigned accounts when they are out of their offices or unavailable. Develop research protocols, direction, guidance and oversight on research trials conducted with field research facilities Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹600,000.00 to ₹720,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	2
"A great part time opportunity to be a Govt. Certified Examiner for Govt. projects. Conduct exam for ""Rubber Sector Skill Council of India"". Job Type: Part-time Salary : Rs 500/- to 1,000/- per day. (Based on experience) Responsibilities and Duties As an Assessor - You are required to conduct theory, practical and viva for the mentioned job roles, both in online and offline modes. You will be responsible to submit documents of the candidates on time for processing of results. This Role is totally on a Freelance model. QP ( JOB Role ) Names: Whole Tyre Reclaim Operator Tyre Building Operator - Auto & 2/3 Wheeler Rubber Products Reclaim Operator Tyre Fitter - Servicing and Maintenence Rubber Product Finishing Operator Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Minimum Educational Qualification of the Assessor : B.Tech/ 2 Degree Total Experience (In Years) required for the Assessor : 6-8 years Out of Total Experience, Sector Specific Experience (in years) : 6-8 years Out of Total Experience, Assessment Experience (in years) : 1-2 years NB: We encourage more and more Industry working professional come forward. So, in specific experinced cases we allow assessors without assessment experience. Interested candidates, please share your CV at the earliest. or for any further details Contact : 9895478444 Contact Person: Devika Ramesh (Admin & Operations) Job Types: Part-time, Contract Salary: ₹500.00 to ₹1,000.00 /day Experience: work: 6 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred) Language: English, Hindi (Preferred) Required Documents: Aadhar Card (Preferred)"	2
"Evaluation specialist or senior evaluation specialist 3ie 1. Background The International Initiative for Impact Evaluation (3ie) is an international NGO that promotes evidence-informed equitable, inclusive and sustainable development. We support the generation and effective use of high-quality evidence to inform decision-making and improve the lives of people living in poverty in low- and middle-income countries (L&MICs). We provide guidance and support to produce impact evaluations and associated formative evaluations; systematic reviews and syntheses, evidence gap maps and support for using that evidence in decision-making and capacity development. 3ie is registered as a non-governmental organisation in the United States. It has offices in New Delhi, London and Washington, DC. We do so through evidence programs, production of public goods, professional services, and support to institutional advancement initiatives. The evidence programs include theory-based, mixed-methods impact evaluations, implementation research, systematic reviews, evidence gap maps, and replication studies. Our work encompasses a wide range of topics, sectors and themes including but not limited to: health services, nutrition, education, governance, microfinance, humanitarian, social protection, 2, and related social sector programming. 3ie is inviting applications for the post of Evaluation Specialist (ES) or Senior Evaluation Specialist (SES). 2. Summary The SES or ES will provide technical and management leadership of and support for impact evaluations, synthesis, and other evidence programs. This includes supporting the preparation of proposal materials for fundraising, writing program documents, reviewing grant proposals, quality-assuring 3ie-funded studies, and managing external reviewers and other consultants. S/he is expected to assume full management responsibility for evidence programs and to conduct research, provide technical assistance for capacity building, and write content for publications, social media, and 3ie’s website. S/he will lead and/or participate in high-level events, conferences, and workshops. In various capacities, the SES or ES communicates and negotiates directly with funders and represents 3ie to policymakers and researchers. The successful candidate will have significant impact evaluation research experience and will have demonstrated expertise implementing research and translating research evidence for decision-makers in L&MICs. We are seeking a highly diplomatic and entrepreneurial individual who is comfortable taking initiative and who thrives in a matrix-managed, fast-paced environment. The SES or ES will report mainly to 3ie’s director of the evaluation office and global director for innovation and country engagement. In the case of staff located in the Washington Office, there will be a secondary reporting relationship to the director of the Washington, DC office. The SES or ES may supervise and mentor junior staff. S/he will be working in a matrixed environment and will be expected to establish strong and collaborative relations with staff across all 3ie offices, with researchers and other stakeholders in the field and with 3ie members located in L&MICs. International and domestic travel is expected at approximately 10 to 20 per cent of her/his time. 3. Key responsibilities 3.1 Evaluation research and technical assistance The SES or ES will oversee impact evaluation and implementation research grants across a range of development sectors, including but not limited to: health, health services, nutrition, education, governance, finance, microfinance, humanitarian, social protection, 2, and related social sector programming; Conduct and advise on scoping studies, formative research, process evaluations, replication studies, systematic reviews and evidence gap maps; Assist in the management of technical assistance projects, including writing specifications for professional service contracts, recruiting consultants, standardizing products and reports and quality assuring products and services; Provide technical assistance to key 3ie stakeholders, on topics including but not limited to capacity-building, evaluation methods and study design, database development, research transparency initiatives, and evidence uptake and use; Work with consultants and stakeholders in the field, as well as with 3ie staff, to ensure documentation of 3ie’s evaluation programmes; and SES may be asked to lead on new methods and/or development of certain innovative research topics (research transparency, etc.). 3.2 Project management and grant administration Provide program management leadership and support for research and professional services grants and contracts to ensure the strategic, programmatic, technical, financial, and contractual integrity from project start-up through implementation and completion; Ensure – in collaboration with 3ie staff who are managing programs – that grant and contract implementation and spending are aligned with approved budgets, workplans and 3ie policies and practices; SES/ES may recruit, on-board, manage, and supervise staff and consultants, as required; and Mentor junior staff, as needed. 3.3 Institutional advancement and communications Represent 3ie in evaluation and development fora, including technical working groups and donor, bilateral, and multilateral consultative groups and meetings; Strengthen and build relationships with 3ie’s key stakeholders, including members, donors, policymakers and researchers; Lead and contribute to technical reports, publications, briefs, blogs, website content, and other social media on evidence programs and professional services; and Engage in strategic growth and diversification of 3ie initiatives to cultivate donors, develop partnerships, write technical proposals, and support innovations in program development. 4. Qualifications, experience and skills 4.1 Education and work experience for the SES position Master’s degree in evaluation, public health, economics, demography, or other relevant social science field that includes statistical training and experimental methods; a doctorate is strongly preferred; Research experience and in-depth knowledge of experimental and quasi-experimental methods applied in impact evaluation (RCT, IV, propensity score matching, and interrupted time series); Experience designing and implementing one or more of the following: implementation research, process evaluations, formative research, qualitative research; Program management experience outside of research study management, with grants management experience strongly preferred; Experience working with high-level officials in funding agencies, international organisations, private foundations and government ministries; Academic knowledge of and direct field experience with health, nutrition, and other social sector programming in L&MICs; Experience in L&MIC policy development and/or policy implementation at either the national or sub-national level preferred; Project management experience; and Experience supporting new business activities and demonstrated ability to write technical proposals across one or more development sectors preferred. 4.2 Education and work experience for the ES position Master’s degree in evaluation, public health, economics, demography, or other relevant social science field that includes statistical training and experimental methods; a doctorate is strongly preferred; In-depth knowledge of experimental and quasi-experimental methods applied in impact evaluation (RCT, IV, propensity score matching, and interrupted time series); Experience designing and implementing one or more of the following: implementation research, process evaluations, formative research, qualitative research; Academic knowledge of and direct field experience with health, nutrition, and other social sector programming in L&MICs preferred; Experience in L&MIC policy development and/or policy implementation at either the national or sub-national level preferred; Project management experience preferred; and Experience supporting new business activities and demonstrated ability to write technical proposals across one or more development sectors preferred. 4.3 Skills Ability to carry out data analysis in Stata and/or other statistical software packages; Excellent oral and written communication as well as presentation skills in English; Spanish and/or French; professional proficiency highly preferred; Excellent organisational skills, attention to detail, and the flexibility and willingness to adapt to shifting weekly priorities and deadlines; Experience working and managing staff in a matrix environment; and • Excellent cross-cultural skills and diplomacy, and a reputation for being a strategic thinker, innovator, networker, and “field person.” 5. Eligibility We will recruit one or more individuals with the right to work in the USA or India. 3ie is an equal- opportunity employer committed to equality and diversity. We do not discriminate based on sex, age, religion, ethnicity, caste, sexual orientation or for being differently abled. We particularly encourage ethnic minorities and differently abled persons to apply. 6. Terms of Employment Candidates should be available to start work around July —September 2019. The salary range for this position is competitive and commensurate, based on location, qualifications and experience. Our policies and procedures reflect our commitment to safeguarding children and vulnerable adults from abuse. We follow a zero-tolerance policy for any form of bullying or harassment in the workplace. 7. How to Apply Please apply by e-mail to jobs@3ieimpact.org. Please include ‘3ie Evaluation Specialist’ or ‘3ie Senior Evaluation Specialist’ and specify the office location (Washington, DC or New Delhi, India) in the subject line. The applicant must provide, at a minimum, the following information: A cover letter, not exceeding one page, highlighting your qualifications and experience relevant to the terms of reference; Curriculum vitae (not to exceed four pages); Writing sample (preferably a sample of a proposal, research paper, or other technical document that you alone authored); Contact information for three professional references. Please indicate in your cover letter in which of 3ie’s offices you have legal authorization to work Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until the position is filled. Incomplete applications will not be considered. We will contact only shortlisted candidates."	2
"Management of Day to Day operational responsibilities of Company's Contract Farming Operations and activities related to FPO’s, Partner FPO’s and Individual Farmers. To recommend good agricultural practices to farmers and ensure it’s implementation. He would be responsible to manage end-to-end horticultural production including crop planning, seed management, irrigation management, nutrient management, pest and disease control, etc. This needs someone with strong expertise of VEGETABLE and FRUITs Cultivation for export purpose. Develop expertise of global production standards and different varieties of vegetables and fruits. Plan delivery of farmer extension process including creating field visit plans, sowing, irrigation, fertigation schedules, harvesting and data capture formats. To provide and deliver day-to-day advisory services to farmers. Take complete ownership of farmer yield in a region and to ensure timely procurement of any materials required Conduct regular field visits to every farm to monitor and verify progress work. Undertake procurement and logistics of produce from farmers and coordinate timely receipt of payments. Experience: 3+ years Qualification: B.Sc. (2) is Must Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred) Language: Marathi, Kannada, English, (Preferred)"	2
"Junagadh Agricultural University Jobs 2019: 02 Senior Research Fellow, Junior Research Fellow Vacancy for M.Sc, B.Sc published on 3rd June 2019. On 03/06/2019, Junagadh Agricultural University announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed M.Sc, B.Sc for the position of Senior Research Fellow, Junior Research Fellow. . Vacancy 1 : Senior Research Fellow Qualification : M.Sc Vacancies : 01 post Salary : Rs. 25,000 - Rs. 28,000Per Month Experience : Fresher Job Location : Rajkot Walk-In Date : 10/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Qualification : M.Sc. (Agri.) (Argil. Chemistry and Soil Science/Agronomy preferable) M.Sc. in Basic Science (Chemistry Microbiology preferable) 2. Salary : Rs.25000+10% HRA (For first two years) and RS.28000+10% HRA (third year and onwards ) As per universityAge: 35 Years. Vacancy 2 : Junior Research Fellow Qualification : B.Sc Vacancies : 01 post Salary : Rs. 12,000Per Month Experience : Fresher Job Location : Rajkot Walk-In Date : 10/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Qualification : B.Sc. (Agri.) / B.Sc. in Basic Science (Chemistry / Microbiology preferable) 2. Salary : Rs.12000+10% HRA OR As per universityAge: 28 Years.Venue. Junagadh Agricultural University, Vanthali Rd, Moti Baug, Junagadh University, Junagadh, Gujarat 362001General Terms and Conditions. 1. The above posts are purely on temporary and contractual basis and co-terminus with the project, or up to 31- 03-2020. There is no provision for re-employment after termination Of project. 2. The contractual services are on full time basis. 3. Selected candidates can be discontinued owing to administrative reason at any time by issue of one week's notice. They may also leave the assignment on their own violation. At the end Of contract period, the appointee has no right to claim any employment or engagement in the JAU. 4. NO TA/DA will be paid for attending the interview. 5. The applicant must bring with them original documents and one set Of photocopy Of related documents/ testimonials at the time Of interview, failing which he/she shall not be allowed to appear the interview. 6. Canvassing in any form will lead to cancellation of candidature. 7. The relevant details and application form is available on JAU website. 8. Candidates are informed to visit the website Of university regularly for any update. Selection Procedure : Walk In Interview. How to Apply : ""Recycling of Organic Waste for Sustainable Soil Productivity under Dry Land 2, Targhadia. B.H. 12025"". The interview will be held at Main Dry Farming Research Station, Junagadh Agricultural University, Targhadia on 10/06/2019 and on that day candidate has to be present with filled up application form and required document along with original copy of each document. FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"Date posted: May 08, 2019 Location: Mumbai, MH, IN Job Function: Sales & Marketing Job Type: Permanent Job Requisition ID: 680 User Researcher, Bangalore We at Yara are part of a global network, collaborating to profitably and responsibly solve some of the world's key challenges - resource scarcity, food insecurity and environmental change. About the Unit Digital Farming is part of the Yara global organisation. With locations in Europe, Brazil, Singapore and North America, Yara Digital Farming is shaping the future of farming by building new digital solutions to critical problems within 2. We build solutions for farmers, construct hardware and sensors, crunch satellite data, apply artificial intelligence, and turn research results into solutions. Our team is made of designers, developers, IoT engineers, data scientists, agile coaches, architects, devops specialists, solution managers and product owners. Responsibilities Conceive, lead and conduct qualitative and quantitative user research Develop and set standards/methodology/best practices across solution teams and regions. Work closely with the Strategy and Operations team, which is looking at board industry trends, to provide quantified, timely, actionable insights. Identify opportunities in the markets and shape our strategy in collaboration with the leadership team Lead green-field user research (e.g. Africa, China, etc) hands-on and, when necessary, identify and work with local partners and teams. Work closely with the UX/UI and development teams to ensure product-market fit Document, track and share all relevant user research information within the team to help with the overall progress of product development. Profile Exposure to user research projects within the LSM space Prior experience in running full cycle user-research projects, which guided successful development and implementation of digital products. Understanding and breathing agile methodologies. Travel extensively, ~60% of the time. Aligned with our principles: customer-centric, lean, service-oriented architecture, self-organization, transparency. Additional Information We encourage all qualified applicants from all background to apply and are committed to creating a work environment that fits gender equality and allows combining career progress with the needs of a family or other personal circumstances. Why us? Well-funded, supported and staffed corporate innovation hub which offers a balance between startup culture and corporate support and benefits Direct impact on products, which provide real value to farmers Work on sustainable solutions that benefit mankind and the environment Full-time, permanent and freelance contract options available with competitive remuneration + benefits Support for personal development, training and continuous learning Commitment to using new technologies and frameworks, in-house hackathons, meetups, and knowledge sharing Job Segment: Agricultural, Product Development, Sustainable 2, User Experience, 2, Research, Technology"	2
"Job Summary We are having urgent requirement of Associate Professor/ Professor- 2 Specializations: - Agronomy Qualification- BSC, MSC (Specialization in 2) Minimum Phd + 8 year experience required Interested Candidate can apply or call us at_ 7527028039_ Thanks and Regards Yugam Bhateja HR Executive Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 6 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	2
"Job Summary Mainly Responsible for the overall administration of the farm labour and farming resources. Execute and improvise the operations recommended by the management. Follow the recommended past harvest practices. Monitoring and improving farm processes. Manage inventory of tools and inputs at the farms. Work to improve the yield at the farms. Oversee quality control in harvest operations. Maintenance of Registers. Maintenance of Stock. Maintenance of Labour records and activities. Timely Reporting to the Management. Proper service and management of Vehicles. Report any discrepancy in the farm. Responsibilities and Duties Farm Management and Pet Care (dogs) Qualifications and Skills Driving skill(preferred) Knowledgeable in horticultural practices (preferred) Diploma in 2/Horticulture or related fields (preferred) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	2
"No. of Vacancy 580 Pay Rs.20600-65500 (Level - 10) Eucational Qualification (i) Must have passed Higher Secondary (plus two) Examination. (ii) Must possess two years Diploma in 2 from the Institutions recognized by the Government of Tamil Nadu or affiliated with the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University; or Gandhigram Rural Institute, Dindigul District; or any other institutions under the control of the Commissioner of 2. Age Limit 18-30 yrs"	2
"Dear Candidate, We are looking for a talented Factory manager to assign and direct all work performed in the Factory and to supervise all areas of operation. Position- Factory Manager Location: Bilimora, Gujarat Experience: 10 to 20+ Yrs Salary: - Till 6 Lacs p.a. Qualification: - Graduation / Post Graduation in Mechanical steam. Roles & Responsibilities: Achieve production Targets: Production Targets, Units Manufactured. Responsible and Accountable for all the activities/operations of the Production Unit. Production Planning, Manpower allocation Liasoning with Government authorities (like; factory inspector, labour inspector, Pollution consent officer, electrical Inspector, Local Municipal Officer, etc.) Authorized the salaries & wages of Contract workers & Overall factory administration. Ensure proper co-ordination with all departments within production unit such as Planning, Production, Assembly and Logistics in order to optimize productivity Ensure Overall productivity of Plant : Productivity, Units Per Person Ensure Upkeep & Or Replacement of Molds, Tooling & Machines : Molds, Tooling, & Machines(Upkeep/Replacement), Monthly Plan Target Ensure Manufacturing Budgets are Maintained Manufacturing Budgets, Batch wise Production Cost(Monthly/Quarterly) Responsible for Overall Administration & Management of the Plant Administration & Management, Upkeep Responsible for Ensuring all Statutory Compliance are Met with. To ensure Quality standards of company are met Quality Standard To ensure ISO Standards are Complied with To ensure ISI standards are completed with To Resolve Customer Complaints within Defined Time lines Responsible for Efficient Vendor Development & Management Responsible for Efficient Development & Management of Labor Contractor Responsible for implementing new technological initiatives To Ensure Timely & Error free Entry of Data in ERP Retention of Team Members Motivating Team Members Training & Development of Team members as & when required Succession Planning To ensure development of Team Members who can grow into the next level Submitting MIS reports to the Management"	2
"Required : Industrial Marketing Manager Education : BSC in 2 Contact us : 9511798209 / 8624041890 Salary : 18k to 20k Experience & Fresher's both can apply. Roles & Responsibilities : JOB DISCRIBTION 1. Visiting framers and introducing our product explaining use and benefits of our fertilisers 1. To provide assistance and support to sales teams. 3. Responding to complaints from customers (farmers) and give after-sales support when requested. 4. Handle the processing of all orders and supply with accuracy and timeliness. Ready to travel  Min 3 years experience sales. Preferably in 2 industry.  Good computer skills MS OFFICE/MS EXCEL/TALLY  Proficiency in English, Hindi, Marathi  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  A team player with high level of dedication.  Qualification- BSc, 2 or any graduate, relevant field certification in sales or marketing will be an asset. Only for male candidate Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹190,000.00 to ₹240,000.00 /year Experience: Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	2
"HSE Assistant Manager - (18006615) Description HSE Assistant Manager About Syngenta Syngenta is a leading 2 company helping to improve global food security by enabling millions of farmers to make better use of available resources. Through world class science and innovative crop solutions, our 28,000 people in over 90 countries are working to transform how crops are grown. We are committed to rescuing land from degradation, enhancing biodiversity and revitalizing rural communities. In Syngenta, we recognize that diversity and inclusion is important to our business, we embrace the unique perspective and capabilities of our employees, which will help us continue to drive innovation and achieve our business goals. Our culture enables us to create an environment of involvement, respect and connection with the communities where we operate - benefitting individual employees and the company. About this Job: Role Purpose The key result areas for this role will be mainly implementation of HSE systems in Commercial and P&S functions Support HSE management in terms of prevention of Vehicular Incidents This requirement is generated due to structural changes in 2019 The role holder will actively participate, guide and assist in implementing the HSE requirements for Commercial team where Syngenta has many direct and indirect employees He/She will also coordinate with the C&F’s for warehouse HSE improvements and transporters HSE improvements. Accountabilities Business accountabilities HSE support to Commercial, Production and Supply function to ensure HSE systems are well coordinated and established. Lead and implement the HSE Management system, programs and procedures that comply with Syngenta HSE standards, standard code of practices and local legislations. Engage the team and provide information to set HSE targets/develop action plans, document and track for satisfactory completion. Establish and maintain network with local authorities and keep abreast of upcoming regulations. Provide guidance and support for acquiring permits from regulatory bodies. Implement Global and Regional Syngenta strategic initiatives. Transition accountabilities Coordinate Incident Investigations and root cause analysis. Create presentations and input system requirements on various teamspaces Training of employees Audit of vehicles and plants and BBS (Behaviour Based Safety) Coordinate meetings Implement and coordinate EMS – Emergency Management Systems MSDS management through SAP Coordination with external agencies Qualifications Essential Knowledge & Experience: Critical knowledge 3-5 years of professional experience. Experience of agricultural or chemical industry. Knowledge on HSE legislation, cultures and communication practices. Knowledge on vehicle safety management. Nebosh IGC is preferred. Critical experience University degree with Chemical or engineering subjects At least 5 years of HSE experience at a multinational, Chemical or pharmaceutical manufacturing site At least 5 years of manufacturing experience at a multinational, Chemical or pharmaceutical manufacturing site Critical technical, professional and personal capabilities or competencies Certified HSE professional Able to consider different viewpoints and way forward Remain calm and cool headed in crisis Read widely and able to apply vide knowledge quickly Has implemented change programs on human behaviours Critical leadership capabilities Lead by example Consistent approach in improving HSE Good knowledge on Safe practices Critical success factors & key challenges Lead change and hold ambiguity Develop self and others Collaborates across business and functions Coaches people in HSE by giving clear, direct and skillful advice Additional information Passion and energy for driving HSE Good in implementation Travel requirements – 40% of working time Open office environment Education / Qualifications: University degree with Chemical or engineering subjects HSE Certification preferred. Primary Location: IND-Maharashtra-Pune Work Locations: INR Baner Road Pune 411045 Job: CP Production"	2
"Government job Madhya Pradesh Kisaan Kalyan Evam Krishi Vikas Agency (MP 2 Department) Vindhyachal Bhawan, Fifth Floor, Bhopal (MP) Recruitment Examination for Technical posts on contract basis for ATMA Project Online applications are invited for following posts on contract basis for which the examination will be conducted on 06/10/2012 and 07/10/2012 respectively : Computer Programmer : 51 posts, Pay : Rs.12000/- per month Accountant cum Clerk : 51 posts, Pay : Rs.9300/- per month Block Technology Manager : 313 posts, Pay : Rs.20000/- per month Subject Matter Specialists : 626 posts, Pay : Rs.8500/- Application Fee : Rs.600/- to be paid at MP Online kiosks or Online by Net banking, Credit/ Debit cards etc. How to Apply : Apply Online at https://www.mponline.gov.inwebsite from 28/08/2012 to 21/09/2012 midnight 12.00 hrs."	2
"Qualification : Diploma/B.Sc/M.Sc 2 or relevant experience/ fresher Experience : 0 to 3 years Job Description : Supervision of plantation activity, logistics of products, store & inventory management"	2
Seasoned Purchase Materials Manager With 8-10 yrs experience Food Hospitality Restaurants purchasing Background is mandatory Any experience in farm development 2 is preferred Excellent communication and negotiation skills Seasoned Purchase Materials Manager With 8-10 yrs experience Food Hospitality Restaurants purchasing Background is mandatory Any experience in farm development 2 is preferred Excellent communication and negotiation skills	2
"Job Description Develop Package of Practice for crops, better farming practices and find effective Agri solutions. Contribute in product development, crop modelling and support sales in technical aspects. Study plants and soil to develop advisory for better planting, cultivation and harvesting techniques, improve crop yield, and solve problems facing the 2 industry. Establish clear co-relation between effects of changes in soil, climate, and weather or prevent damage from pests. Conduct research and field checks, take samples and make observations, perform tests, and identify and solve problems related to plant or soil nutrition, damage from insects or wildlife, weather or climate changes, or the use of specialized products, such as pesticides, fertilizers, etc. Conduct field visits to monitor and collect seed, plant, and soil samples and testing samples for nutritional deficiencies, diseases, or other changes. Maintain and advise detailed records regarding fields, customers, crops, and samples. Generating reports and presenting findings to management, clients, or other interested parties. Selling personalized consultation services to clients. Qualifications Masters/Ph.D degree Agronomy, 2, or related field Knowledgeable in crop modelling (Preferably in Horticulture Crops, Oil seed crops, Cereals, Pulses, Tubers and Fruits) Proficiency with computers, especially MS Office and diagnostic scientific software. Exceptional active listening and verbal and written communication skills. Awareness of industry trends, technology, and developments. Ability to work outside, stand, walk, kneel, and stoop for extended periods. Result-oriented mid-career scientist with at least 6-8 years of relevant working experience. Additional Information 1. Personal Characteristics Confident, flexible, solution driven. An inquisitive mind that is not afraid to explore new roads and take initiative. Good analytical and problem solving skills, with eye for detail. Ability to work independently and work well in a multi-disciplinary and international team. Well organized, keeping to deadlines, pro-active and responsible. Strong research, decision making, critical thinking, and problem solving skills. Sales and presentation skills are also a major plus."	2
"Name of Organisation : -Development Alternatives Position : -Associate Manager - 2 Development Qualification : -At least a graduate in 2. However, Candidates with Master’s degree in Agronomy or soil science will be given preference Job Type : -Regular Location : -Taragram Pahuj (Jhansi) No. of Position : -01 Experience : -0-2 Years on-ground experience in implementation of different 2 practices. Job Description : - Implementation of different climate resilient agro-practices on ground. Ensure smooth on-ground implementation of different project related 2. Collect field level data at different stages of the project, assist in the analysis and interpretation of data. Documentation as per project deliverables, programme and organisational requirements including preparation of reports, case studies, knowledge products, database, etc. Establish and maintain healthy relationships with other stakeholders for convergence and leverage of resources under government programmes and schemes to strategically enhance programme area as well as organisation’s impact. Conduct farm demonstrations and farmers meeting at cluster level. Any other task assigned by the management. Desirable Attributes : - Good understanding on climate resilient 2 practices with respect to arid and semi-arid region. Timely collection of 2 related data from the field in a scientific manner. Good writing and presentation skills. Ability to travel extensively in field. Efficient team worker. Job Type: Full-time Experience: 2: 1 year (Required) Rural Projects: 1 year (Required) Education: Master's (Required) Location: Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred)"	2
"Rentokil Initial: Rentokil Initial is an international business services company employing over 35,000 colleagues across 70 countries. We strive to protect people and enhance lives, for example by controlling pests, improving hygiene and improving interior spaces with plants and scenting. We are experts in the fields we operate in, investing in training, science, innovation and technology. Listening and acting on feedback is part of our culture to support colleagues and our customers. Rentokil Initial regards equality and fairness as a fundamental right of all of its colleagues. We live our values of Service, Relationships and Teamwork which were identified by our colleagues across the world. Find out more on careers.rentokil-initial.com Our family of businesses: Rentokil Pest Control is the world’s leading commercial pest control company, operating in 70 countries and ranked in the top 3 in 65 of those countries. Ranking in the top 3 in 38 of the 44 countries we operate in, Initial Hygiene is the market leader who provides quality, diligent and friendly services to all customers. In France, Initial Workwear specialises in the supply and laundering of workwear, garments and protective uniforms and equipment; focussing on top quality products and services. Our plant business; Ambius is seen as the expert in interior and exterior ""landscaping""; operating across the US, Europe, Asia & Pacific. Steritech Brand Protection by Rentokil Initial is an industry leader and pioneer, providing innovative solutions that help customers to mitigate risks and drive business growth. We also have specialist businesses such as Medical Services, Specialist Hygiene and Property Care, which lead their respective fields. Across all of our operations globally, we have a positive reputation amongst our customers for our knowledge and integrity. We have central support functions of Human Resources, IT, Finance, Legal and Marketing & Innovation in the Rentokil Initial Head Office locations and in country. Working within our functions departments, you would be supporting all of our businesses within India. Rentokil PCI is the leading pest control service provider in India. A Rentokil Initial brand, Rentokil PCI was formed in 2017 through a joint venture (JV) between Pest Control India, the number one pest control company in India, and Rentokil, the world’s leading pest control brand. Rentokil PCI aims to set new standards for customer service with operations across 250 locations in India. The JV brand also focuses on developing industry-leading service operations through the sharing of best practices, new innovations and the use of digital technologies. Your day to day responsibilities will include: Service Planning & Scheduling Quality Assurance & Complaint Handling Identifying Materials and Costing Service Monitoring and Customer Relationship Management Requirements: Do you have what it takes? If you want to be considered for this role you will need: Good interpersonal skillsGood Analytical & Problem solving skillsAbility to communicate effectivelyShould be proactive in planning & organisingOn Job: Very good Technical knowledge of Pests, Service Processes, Chemicals & EquipmentsTyping SkillsBsc Agricultre, Chemistry, Zoology Benefits: Are you interested? Here's what you can expect when you join us Attractive Base Salary Group Mediclaim Insurance Policy Travel Reimbursement Equal Opportunities: Rentokil Initial believes in supporting all employees to provide equal opportunities and avoid discrimination. We also place emphasis on workplace diversity which means that we are serious about creating an inclusive environment that accepts each individual's differences, embraces their strengths and provides opportunities for all colleagues to achieve their full potential."	2
"Job Description Scientific and numerical skills. A logical and independent mind. Excellent analytical skills. Meticulous attention to detail and accuracy. Teamwork and interpersonal skills. Written and oral communication skills. Salary: INR 2,00,000 - 2,50,000 P.A. Industry:Ceramics / Sanitary ware Functional Area:Production, Manufacturing, Maintenance Role:Fresher Keyskills Communication SkillsInterpersonal SkillsNumericalAnalytical Skills Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile MERINO PANEL PRODUCTS LTD Founded in 1968, the Merino Group is today a US$ 165 million group with diverse business interests which include Panel & Panel Products, Biotechnology (2 & Food Processing) and Information Technology (IT). We are driven by our constant effort to maintain Economy, Excellence and Ethics in all our businesses. We export to 60 countries around the globe, and employ 3000 people across three manufacturing sites, 19 offices in India and an office in the U.S. Recruiter Name:Kushla Nand"	2
"G.B. Pant University of 2 and Technology Jobs 2019: 01 Project Assistant Vacancy for Array Salary 14,000 published on 28th May 2019. On 25/05/2019, G.B. Pant University of 2 and Technology announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Project Assistant. . Vacancy 1 : Project Assistant Qualification : B.Sc Vacancies : 01 post Salary : Rs. 14,000Per Month Experience : Fresher Job Location : Udham Singh Nagar Last Date to Apply : 18/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Qualification: Graduation in Life Science B.Sc/ B.Sc 2/ B.Sc Horticulture.2. Emolument: Rs 14000.3. Duration: 02 year.4. Name of the Project: Evaluation of Bupirimate 25% EC against powdery mildew disease of apple.Address. G.B. Pant University of 2 and Technology, Udham Singh Nagar, Pantnagar, Uttarakhand 263153. Selection Procedure : Selection Will be Based either Written Exam/Interview How to Apply : No separate interview letter will be issued for this purpose and no TA/DA will be paid for appearing in the interview. The appointment will be given for six month which may be extended as per requirement. Attested copies of all certificated/ degree/ testimonials must be enclosed. Original should be produced at the time of interview. No interim correspondence will be entertained. In case of non-availability of reserved category candidates, general/other category candidates may be considered. Last date of receiving application18.06.2019. Date and time of interview19.06.2019 at 3 PM. FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"The Central Institute of Coastal Engineering for Fishery has proposes to fill up One Post of Administrative Officer Group B Gazetted Pay Level 7 of the pay matrix Possessing the educational qualifications and experience prescribed for direct recruits i.e (i) Degree from a recognized University and (ii) Two years experience of administrative, accounts and establishment work in Government Office or in a public body. Experience:2 Years Location:Bengaluru Education:Degree from a recognized University Company:Central Institute of Coastal Engineering for Fishery SALARY:Level-7 Last Date:09 Jul 2019 Company Info. Central Institute of Coastal Engineering for Fishery Government of India Ministry of 2 and farmers welfare (Department of Fisheries) Central Institute of Coastal Engineering for Fishery Opposite to ISRO Qrts., Jalahalli, Bengaluru-560013"	2
"Leadership Excellence & Accelerated Development Program – Commercial/Supply Chain and Operations-KUA00458 Cargill provides food, 2, financial and industrial products and services to the world. Together with farmers, customers, governments and communities, we help people thrive by applying our insights and over 150 years of experience. We have 155,000 employees in 70 countries who are committed to feeding the world in a responsible way, reducing environmental impact and improving the communities where we live and work. Description What is the LEAD Program about? We aim to develop top diverse talent towards future roles as Commercial Leaders at Cargill. The program offers a broad range of assignments and/or experiences across Sales, Marketing, Pricing and Project Management domain. During a 24-month Accelerated Development Program you will learn on the job from top global experts in our Food Ingredients and Bio-Industrial Enterprise, be part of structured learning (digital and instructor led) to acquire business acumen & leadership skills and contribute to innovation projects to advance Cargill’s strategic capabilities. You will have the opportunity to define the next steps of your career by engaging in one-to-one mentoring with our leaders. We will accelerate your learning journey and prepare you to join the Cargill global talent pool for a Commercial Leadership career path. At Cargill you will grow your career in a values-based organization where you; Reach Higher, Do the Right Thing and Put People First. These values set the foundation of our Leadership Behaviors that, in turn, drive high performance across our businesses and enable our growth. The LEAD Program is set to strengthen your own leadership capabilities and create a learning environment where you will ‘bring the outside in’ including assess complex issues from multiple angles; execute exceptional results by seeking out the diverse perspectives and talents of others; energize for high performance exhibiting willingness to take responsibility and initiative. You will be agile and resilient when working towards high performance. Qualifications What you will bring to Cargill (REQUIRED) Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance, Economics, Law, Science or related field. A creative and innovative approach to technology to make information easier to access, solve problems, and improve communications in a digital space. Minimum of 5 years’ experience (excluding internships and apprenticeships). Fluency in English. What you will bring to Cargill (PREFERRED) Master’s degree or equivalent working experience. Passion and experience to make a commercial impact Experience working in international matrix organization. Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. Ability to influence and negotiate while maintaining a strong focus on customer service. Experience in using business applications in your own field of expertise. Ability to work independently and handle multiple priorities in a lean environment. Flexibility to travel and open to relocation. Genuine interest to discover other countries and cultures. Fluency in an additional language. Job Marketing Primary Location Region - Asia Other Locations India, Singapore-Singapore, Malaysia-Kuala Lumpur Schedule Full-time Job Type Standard Shift Day Job"	2
"Government job 2 Insurance Company of India Limited (AIC) Ambadeep, 13th Floor, 14, Kasturba Gandhi Marg, New Delhi – 110001 Recruitment of Administrative Officer 2012 Applications are invited from Indian Citizens for the post of Administrative Officer (Scale I) : Administrative Officer : 46 posts (UR-23, OBC-13, SC-7, ST-3) in specialized discipline of 2, Information Technology, Marketing, Finance, Legal, Human Resource, Statistics, Actuary, Insurance & Risk Management & Generalist, Age : 21-30 years, relaxation in age as per rules, Pay Scale : Rs.17240-32640 Application fee : Rs.400/- (Rs.100/- for SC/ST and no fee for PH) to be paid in any branch of Axis bank thru a payment challan. How to Apply : Apply Online at 2 Insurance Company of India Limited (AIC) website during 30/04/2012 to 23/05/2012 only. Please visit http://www.aicofindia.com/AICEng/Pages/Business_Profiles_Tenders/NoticeTenderHome.aspx"	2
"Job Summary We expect all these people to bring new skills to MicroSave. Ideal candidate should bring: 1. Deep domain expertise to help us get deeper into existing capabilities of food, fuel and fertiliser 2. Expertise in new sector or capability that align with our aspirations such as health, WASH, global development, public policy, economics, government advisory, digital technology for governance etc. Essential Skills Should have expertise in -Health, WASH (Water, Sanitation and Hygiene), food, 2, petroleum (LPG, fertilizer), rural development, women and child development, social protection, education, and energy. Description Job Description:- Experience in development and social sector with a consulting firm, think tank, donor/development agency, research organization or government Excellent communication skills, writing skills, presentation skills, research skills (primary and secondary), intellectual curiosity and passion for social and development sector Experience in one or more of the following sectors:- Health, WASH (Water, Sanitation and Hygiene), food, 2, petroleum (LPG, fertilizer), rural development, women and child development, social protection, education, and energy Experience in one or more of the following functional areas – Strategy and public policy design for social welfare programs Process reengineering and digitization Social welfare program implementation Financial inclusion Social protection Direct benefit transfer Public finance and expenditure Monitoring and evaluationHuman centered design Project management Existing relationships with government, multilateral agencies, donor agencies, think tanks and industry will be a plus"	2
"Job Description JOB SUMMARY: To ensure to operate the plant to the maximum possible capacity in a clean and hygiene environment in order to provide qualitative product to obtain customer satisfaction, with minimized leakages, less energy costs and manpower. KEY RESULT AREAS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Ensure to achieve targeted quality Ensure to achieve production as per requirement / processing / chilling Ensure timely dispatch of milk / milk products Responsible for maintaining all the process equipment and Service equipment to ensure continuous trouble free performance. Responsible for controlling further processing, delivery or installation of machinery Ensure safety and discipline Good housekeeping and cleanliness Implementation of guidelines of energy conservation. Implementation of guidelines given as per GMP, ISO, MMPO, FSMS etc. Effective utilization of manpower. Provides resources required for individual departments. Ensure maintenance of all records, sending MIS in time and attending to Internal Auditor queries. Identifies training needs of all employees and send it to Regional Head (ops) & forward to HR Dept. for necessary action. Responsible for calibration for all equipments/instruments. Performance Management. Prerequisites: Individual should be a Dairy Technologist & experience in Dairy industry. Work Location: Sindhanur, Near Raichur, Karnataka Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry:2 / Dairy Functional Area:Production, Manufacturing, Maintenance Role Category:Production/Manufacturing/Maintenance Role:Production Manager Keyskills gmpauditingoperations managementdairyMilkPlant Manager Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG:B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization, Other Specialization Company Profile HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED The Heritage Group, founded in the year 1992 by Mr. Nara Chandrababu Naidu, is one of the fastest growing Public Listed Companies in India, with six-business divisions-Dairy, Retail, Agri, Bakery, Renewable Energy and VetCa under its flagship Company Heritage Foods Limited (Formerly known as Heritage Foods (India) Limited). The annual turnover of Heritage Foods crossed Rs.2344.01 crores in financial year 2017-18 Currently Heritage's milk and milk products have a market presence in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Maharastra, Odisha and NCR Delhi and its retail stores across Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad. Integrated agri operations are in Chittoor and Medak Districts and these are the backbone to retail operations and the state of art Bakery plant at Uppal, Hyderabad, Telangana. View Contact Details+ Contact Company:HERITAGE FOODS LIMITED Apply"	2
"Required 6-7years of work experience Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred) Location: Hyderabad, Telangana (Preferred)"	2
"Description 1. Keep abreast of new projects, and get product information from previous orders’ batches before it put into production, ensure the stability of the process into the new project, and just refer to the previous investment experience. Responsible for ensuring and obtaining of all requirements before being transferred into serial production 2. Perfect control from development to production process, and access to relevant practices, enable the production of products to meet customer demand. Define testing plan and master data in cooperation with product development 3. Preparation and collaboration of new development projects (feasibility study) 4. Preparation and support of trial batches 5. Responsible for process capability test; identify weak points and implementation of improvements 6. Assist in training the production supervisor, the machine leader and employees in operating skills 7. When adding new equipment, provide necessary process conditions to ensure the equipment purchased is our most correct needs 8. Familiar with the entire operation process of all working operations (paste mixing, coating, lacquer mixing,printing,embossing and slitting) 9. Provide the equipment and safety recommendations for improvement 10. Coordination and implementation of projects to improve the productions and process reliability and to reduce quality problems 11. Standardization of workflow and formulations 12. Problem solving systematically of repeating production problems 13. Systematic review of lost of material, clarification of material lost, definition and tracking of actions 14. Training as production department reserve talented person 15. Comply with OHSAS18001 related regulations 16. Maintaining of FMEA's and implementation of statistical and problem solving methods 17. Fulfill other tasks arranged by superiors 18. Support production for daily trouble shooting Qualifications 1. Bachelor degree or above (mechanical engineering, process engineering, chemical engineering, industrial engineering or comparable) 2. At least three years’ experience in chemical process areas, car interiors industry priority 3. Relevant work experience in the automotive industry 4. Result orientation, self-driven, strong ability on problem solving 5. Knowledge in statistical technique, problem solving methods (six sigma) and FMEA (failure mode and effect analysis) 6. Good project management skills 7. Good technical understanding 8. Knowledge in polymer chemistry preferable 9. Fluent in English or German is a plus The ContiTech division develops, manufactures and markets products, systems and intelligent components made of rubber, plastic, metal and fabric. They are used in machine and plant engineering, mining, 2, the automotive industry and other important sectors of the future."	2
"Job Description At IBM Research Brazil, we are looking for highly qualified Master/Ph.D. candidates (software engineers and scientists) for a Research Staff Member position. Candidates must have interest in exploring and prototyping novel systems and techniques and have strong track record of research publications in areas related to advancing artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, visual analytics, optimization, and cloud services. IBM Research Brazil was established in 2010, with locations in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. Our research is particularly focused on applying these technical and scientific advancements to better manage natural resources such as oil and gas and digital 2. We collaborate with leading organizations in a variety of industries as well as IBM experts from around the globe to create and deploy transformative technology solutions within our region and the whole world. The World is Our Laboratory: No matter where the discovery takes place, IBM researchers push the boundaries of science, technology and business to make the world work better. IBM Research is a global community of forward-thinkers working towards a common goal: progress. A successful candidate is expected to pursue a research career at IBM Research where he/she publishes papers regularly in top-quality journals and conferences, produces patents as well as other intellectual property assets and contributes to projects with significant impact to IBM business. Good communication skills and interest in solving real world problems are expected. International research experience and/or demonstrated participation in multi-disciplinary research work is a plus. The candidate may be involved in engineering those efforts to an advanced state of feasibility by evaluating ideas and plans and participating in their implementation. Required core competencies include a demonstration of success in research with an excellent publication record in top conferences and journals. A PhD and/or MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Cognitive Sciences is required as well as fluency in English. All our opportunities are eligible for people with disabilities or rehabilitated. Required Technical and Professional Expertise The candidate may be involved in engineering those efforts to an advanced state of feasibility by evaluating ideas and plans and participating in their implementation. Required core competencies include a demonstrated success in research with an excellent publication track record in top conferences and journals. A PhD and/or MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Cognitive Sciences is required as well as fluency in English. Preferred Tech and Prof Experience . EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status."	2
"Department: Business Development Position: Associated Officers Place of posting:Pan India Qualifications:M.sc/PhD in 2 Experience:2to 3 years In Agri Extension, Bio efficacy Trials,Research on Product evaluation in field, ARS and KVK. Age:25 to 30 years Experience:2 to 3 years Compensation:As per industry standards"	2
"Job Title: Operation Manager Exp. Required: 4-8 Years Job Location: kolkata Job Type: Full-Time (Permanent) Qualification: 2graduate with excellent academic records Roles and Responsibilities: Job Roles & Responsibilities: ➢ For New Client Prospect for potential new clients and turn this into increased business. o Meetings with clients (Pvt/PSU)/government departments through own networking, cold call as appropriate within defined market or geographic area to ensure a robust pipeline of opportunities both with private corporations and government agency. * Meet potential clients by growing, maintaining, and leveraging own network/ leads provided. o Identify potential clients, and the decision makers/officials within the client organization/govt department. o Plan approaches and pitches. o Work with product and services team to develop proposals that speaks to the client’s needs, concerns, and objectives. o Handle objections by clarifying, emphasizing agreements and working through differences to a positive conclusion. ➢ For Existing Clients – o Present new products and services and enhance existing relationships. o Work with technical staff and other internal colleagues to meet customer needs. o Arrange and participate in internal and external client debriefs. ➢ Attend industry functions, such as association events and conferences, and provide feedback and information on market and creative trends. ➢ Present to and consult with mid and senior level management on business trends with a view to developing new services, products, and distribution channels. ➢ Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and distribution channels that will lead to an increase in service. ➢ Using knowledge of the market and competitors, identify and develop the company’s unique selling propositions and differentiators. Specific Skills Required: ➢ Preferably from BFSI domain/Agri Marketing ➢ Networking & Prospecting Skills, Identification of customer needs ➢ Persuasion & Public Speaking ➢ Research/Writing, Closing Skills ➢ Motivation & flair for Sales & BD, Sales Planning ➢ Team Player ➢ Territory Management, Market Knowledge, Meeting defined Goals, Professionalism ➢ CRM/Microsoft Office Job Types: Full-time, Walk-In Salary: ₹25,250.00 to ₹42,500.00 /month Experience: Operations: 3 years (Preferred) work: 3 years (Preferred) operations management: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Required travel: 50% (Preferred) Required Documents: Driver's License (Preferred)"	2
"About us What's your passion? Whether you're into tennis, diving or karaoke, at IHG® we're interested in you. We love people who apply the same amount of passion and precision to their jobs as they do to their hobbies. Imagine working for a company that gives you Room to be yourself. Our commitment to our people is to deliver room to have a great start, to learn and grow, to perform, to be recognized and rewarded, to be involved and to take the initiative and lead. The InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG®) properties in Dubai Festival City consist of four hotel brands. These include the luxury brand InterContinental, the superior upscale Crowne Plaza, the lavish long-stay InterContinental Residence Suites and the vibrant mid-scale Holiday Inn (pre-opening). In addition to over 1000+ bedrooms, the four properties boast a selection of high quality restaurants and bars, an impressive 3,800 square meter Event Centre across two levels, the 5,000 square meters Festival Arena by InterContinental, the luxurious Spa InterContinental, state-of-the-art gymnasium and swimming pool facilities. We are looking for confident, sophisticated and internationally-minded people to join over 1200 colleagues who are committed to maintaining the highest standards of luxury, quality and service which define our company. We value the passion and enthusiasm of our colleagues, and encourage you to share your passion when you work with us. At the moment we're looking for Food Safety & Hygiene Officer to join our energetic, enthusiastic and passionate team at Holiday Inn® Dubai Festival City. The main responsibilities of this role are to implement a training plan for HACCP, allergen control, chemical control and glass control, to perform mock recalls and ensure identification, labeling, and traceability system functions as planned, and to ensure that all the food safety related documents and records are up to date, while keeping in mind the Dubai Food Safety Laws and Regulations. Your day to day The key responsibilities are:To perform other reasonable job duties as requested by the senior teamTo conduct the internal audits according to plan and ensure appropriate actions are taken in regards to the highlighted issuesTo ensure adherence to ISO 22000 standardsTo support the culinary and food safety team to reach common goalsTo communicate challenges to the concerned department including engineering, receiving, kitchen, F&B, stewarding etc.To carry out frequent spot checks and prepare the team for preventive controlsTo handle the food safety related incidents and prepare necessary reportsTo review and evaluate all system records for accuracy and completenessTo advice the stake holders as necessary for continual improvement of food safety standards What we need from you Ideally, you'll have some or all of the following qualifications and experience we're looking for:Required Skills:Post-graduate / Graduate in Food Science / Food Microbiology / Food Technology / Bio-TechnologyCompleted Level 4 Award / Advanced Food Hygiene TrainingCompleted HACCP / ISO 22000 Internal Auditor TrainingMinimum 2 years of experience in a similar role in 4 and 5 stars hotels / catering establishments What we offer In return we'll give you a competitive financial and benefits package including accommodation, free meals on duty, hotel discounts worldwide and the chance to work with a great team of people. Most importantly, we'll give you the room to be yourself.At IHG® we are committed to developing our team and managing our talent and would encourage internal as well as external candidates to apply for any of our vacancies. So what's your passion? Please apply on-line and tell us how you can bring your individual skills to IHG®. To find out more about us or any other jobs with IHG® please look at www.ihg.com/careers.*Only successful candidates will be contacted."	2
"Government job Orissa University of 2 and Technology (OUAT) Bhubaneswar (Odisha State) Invites applications from the eligible candidates for recruitment of Senior Scientist and Head, Scientist, Programme Assistant, Farm Manager and Office Superintendent-cum Accountant on Contractual basis : Senior Scientist and Head – 20 Posts, Age : 45 years , Pay : PB-4, ₹ 37,400-67,100/- plus RGP ₹ 9,000/- Scientist – 62 Posts, Age : 45 years , Pay : PB-3, ₹ 15,600-39,100/- plus RGP ₹ 6,000/- Programme Assistant – 7 Posts, Age : 21 to 32 years , Pay : PB-2, ₹ 9,300-34,800 /- plus with GP ₹ 4,200/- Farm Manager – 10 Posts, Age : 21 to 32 years , Pay : PB-2, ₹ 9,300-34,800 /- plus with GP ₹ 4,200/- Office Superintendent-cum Accountant – 18 Posts, Age : 32 years , Pay : PB-2, ₹ 9,300-34,800 /- plus with GP ₹ 4,200/- How to Apply: The application form (prescribed application form) complete in all respect along with self attested copies of all certificates, mark sheets of all examination passed, experience certificate and research publications, if any, shall be sent by Registered post latest by 24/01/2017 upto 5.00 P.M. and it should addressed to the Registrar, OUAT, Bhubaneswar-751003, Odisha. Logon to: http://www.ouat.nic.in/sites/default/files/avertisement_for_kvk_2016.pdf for more detailed information."	2
"Job Description Responsible for receive all goods tools into the store room Responsible for SS work Responsible for prepares reports and sound knowledge of negotiating, inventory control, Material Management & System Implementation. Prepare and maintain all Inventory documents ERP Handling Exp – 2-3 years In Relevant Field (DME/BE Mechanical) Industry : 2 Implements /Tractor /Tractor attached Implements /Rotary Tiller Machines Functional Area : Stores Role Category : Head-Stores"	2
"Government job Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries Ministry of 2,Government of India Application are invited from eligible persons for the following posts on Deputation (including short-term contract) basis. Quarantine Inspector – 04 Post, Pay: PB-2 Rs 9300-34800 + Rs 4600 (GP), Fisheries Research Investigation Officer – 01 Posts, Pay: PB-3 Rs.15.600-39.100 + Rs.5400 (GP) Accounts Officer (Fishenes) – 01 Posts, Pay: PB-2 Rs 9.300-34.800 + Rs.4800/- (GP) How To Apply: The applications for a particular post, complete in all respects, should be forwarded through proper channel to the respective address above within 60 Days from the date of publication of this advertisement (From September 21, 2013 – published on Employment News). Logon to: http://www.dahd.nic.in/dahd/default.aspx for more detailed information. Vacancy details @ http://governmentjobsindia.net/wp-content/uploads/Ministry of 2 Recruitment 2013.png"	2
Education: Ph.D Experience: 10-15 years Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 10 years (Required) Education: Doctorate (Required) Language: English (Preferred)	2
"CSMCRI Jobs 2019: 10 Technical Assistant, Technician Vacancy for Diploma, B.Sc, 10TH, ITI published on 1st June 2019. On 01/06/2019, CSMCRI announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Diploma, B.Sc, 10TH, ITI for the position of Technical Assistant, Technician. . Vacancy 1 : Technical Assistant Qualification : Diploma, B.Sc, 10TH, ITI Vacancies : 06 posts Salary : Rs. 47,328Per Month Experience : 1 - 3 years Job Location : Bhavnagar Last Date to Apply : 15/07/2019Other Qualification Details: A. Essential Qualifications and Experience, if any.: 1. 1st Class Diploma in Mechanical Engineering of at least 3 years full-time duration or at least 2 years full-time duration in case of lateral admission in Diploma or its equivalent with experience of 2 years in the area relevant to the job.2. 1 st Class B.Sc. with Botany/Plant Science with one-year full-time Professional qualification or one year experience in Botany/Plant Science from a recognized Institute/Organization.3. 1 st Class B.Sc. with Microbiology with one-year full-time Professional qualification or one year experience in Microbiology from a recognized Institute/Organization.4. 1 st Class B.Sc. with 2 with one-year full-time Professional qualification or one year experience in 2 from a recognized Institute/ Organization.B. Detailed Job Description: 1. The selected candidate will be expected to work on: 1. Mechanical design with understanding of engineering drawing & AutoCAD. 2. Operation of workshop machineries (Lathe, Drill, & Milling machine). 3. Fabrication and assembly of prototypes of units.2. The selected candidates will be working on; 1. Survey, collection of seaweeds and algal samples from different coasts of India. 2. Farming and maintenance of seaweeds in the open sea. They are also desired to assist scientists/technical personnel in scientific and routine work pertaining to seaweed and algal related lab and field activities.3. The selected candidate will be technically assisting on plant biotechnology, molecular biology, and genetic engineering. The candidate has to assist in conducting agronomic trials in pot as well as the field. He would have to record all agronomical and physiological data and conduct chemical analysis of samples. He also has to do an extensive survey of plants all over India as per the requirement.Age: 28 YearsApplication Fee: Rs.100 Vacancy 2 : Technician Qualification : 10TH, ITI Vacancies : 04 posts Salary : Rs. 26,480Per Month Experience : 1 - 3 years Job Location : Bhavnagar Last Date to Apply : 15/07/2019Other Qualification Details: A. Essential Qualifications and Experience, if any.: 1. SSC/10th Standard with Science subjects with 55% marks plus ITI Certificate or national/state trade certificate or 2 years full time experience as an apprentice trainee from a recognized institution in Horticulture Assistant Trade2. SSC/10th Standard with Science subjects with 55% marks plus ITI Certificate or national/state trade certificate or 2 years full time experience as an apprentice trainee from a recognized institution in Laboratory Assistant (Chemical Plant) Trade3. SSC/10th Standard with Science subjects with 55% marks plus ITI Certificate or national/state trade certificate or 2 years full time experience as an apprentice trainee from a recognized institution in Fitter Trade.B. Detailed job Description: 1. The selected candidates will be working on; 1. Survey, collection of seaweeds and algal samples from different coasts of India. 2. Farming and maintenance of seaweeds in the open sea. They are also desired to assist scientists/technical personnel in scientific and routine work pertaining to seaweed and algal related lab and field activities2. The selected candidate is expected to work in the areas of solar salt production and marine chemicals recovery from brines. He will be working in solar salt works and assist in laboratory experiments and chemical plant. He is also desired to assist scientists/technical personnel in scientific work and routine maintenance work of laboratories.3 .The selected candidate will be involved in large scale membrane preparation, membrane module and RO plant fabrication and installation of desalination plants.Age: 28 YearsApplication Fee: Rs.100The following documents should be attached with application duly completed in all respects: . I. Attested copies of the Degree Certificates, Proof of date of birth, testimonials and Experience certificatesII. Attested copy of the Caste certificate (in case of SC/ST/OBC) in the appropriate Pro Forma prescribed by the Government of India from time to time.III. Attested copy of the Medical certificate (in case of Persons with Disability candidates) from the prescribed authority in the prescribed format.IV. Attested copy of the Discharge Book/Certificate (in case of Ex-Servicemen candidates).V. Attested copy of the Income and Asset Certificate in the prescribed format issued by the Competent Authority (in case of candidates under EWS category)VI. Demand Draft of '100/- valid for 3 months drawn in favour of the Director, CSMCRI, Bhavnagar payable at Bhavnagar (No application fee is prescribed for SC, ST, Persons with disabilities, women & Departmental candidates. They should enclose a copy of certificate on the prescribed Pro Forma issued by the Competent Authority in support of their claim along with application).Benefits: . 1. The positions carry Pay and Allowances, such as HRA, TA, DA etc. at Central Government rates as applicable to the employees of Council stationed at Bhavnagar/Mandapam. Other benefits, such as Leave Travel Concession and Reimbursement of medical expenses, are also available. The employees are provided with residential accommodation as per CSIR rules.2. CSIR provides excellent opportunities to deserving candidates for career advancement under Assessment Promotion scheme for Scientific & Technical Staff.3. All new entrants will be governed by the ""New Pension Scheme"" on defined Contributions for new entrants recruited in Central Government Services on or after 01-01-2004, as adopted by CSIR for its employees. However, persons selected from other Government Departments / Autonomous Bodies / Public Sector Undertakings / Central Universities having Pension Scheme on GOI pattern and who are presently being governed by the Old Pension Scheme will continue to be governed by the existing Pension Scheme i.e. CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972. Selection Procedure : 1. Trade test.2. Written examination. How to Apply : Applications, in a sealed cover super-scribed ""Application for the post of ___________________ Post Code_______ Advt. No. 2/2019”, must reach the following address on or before 15-07-2019: The Administrative Officer CSIR-Central Salt & Marine Chemicals Research Institute Gijubhai Badheka Marg Bhavnagar – 364 002 (Gujarat).FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"Job Description Will provide technical and professional leadership regarding applicable environmental regulations and social issues specifically for all Phoenix Ukraine Business Units facilities. Lead concept development and strategic support in a wide variety of areas, including sustainable 2 practices, mitigants to climate change in 2 and value chain development Provide technical advice on agribusiness-related issues as needed, particularly related to supply chain issues and specific commodities of interest to the region Support scoping and assessing risks/opportunities of agribusiness investments and identify technical assistance opportunities Work closely with multiple teams and stakeholders at Phoenix Ukraine to develop and manage the companys corporate social responsibility program Develop presentations, demonstrations, training and farm walks for investors, peers, partnership organisations, professional bodies and other interested groups Research and keep up to date with any relevant developments in 2 Prepare reports, writing advisory leaflets and technical notes and contributing with technical information for all investment proposals Support the organization of learning activities/events Drive partnerships and integrations pertaining to program Promote an action oriented sustainability culture at Ukraine operations with a sense of urgency that drives commitment to attaining world class performance. Spearhead the environmental and sustainability improvements within the company and assist with identifying, conceptualizing, and implementing improvement projects related to sustainable projects. Support to develop new programs to streamline and simplify sustainability programs and processes for Business Units focused on environmental and sustainability programs Provide direct involvement with business units to ensure environmental compliance through the collection of data and timely reporting of required by regulation to include federal, state and local obligations. Support the Director Sustainability to lead and drive the development of Phoenixs corporate sustainability strategy, goals and metrics, in conjunction with external experts and relevant cross-functional teams (i.e. corporate, country, and business teams) Manage and develop sustainability communications internally and externally with key stakeholders. Deliver completion of monthly review of key metrics including carbon, energy, water, and waste, by gathering and analyzing source data. Prepares annual report on sustainability goals and achievements and assists in the development of a corporate responsibility report. Liaison with all functional areas within the Ukraine subsidiaries and business units to assure Safety, Security, Physical and Environmental and asset conservation issues are fully understood and executed. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry:2 / Dairy Functional Area:CSR & Sustainability Role Category:CSR & Sustainability Role:Sustainability Manager Keyskills AgribusinessCorporate SustainabilityResearchClimate ChangeCorporate Social ResponsibilitySupply ChainConcept DevelopmentReport Preparation Desired Candidate Profile Bachelors Degree from leading agribusiness, environment or social sector institute Minimum of 6 years agribusiness, social or environment experience in roles of increasing responsibility and leadership. Experience with farmer development and grass root institutions Experience developing and implementing agribusiness, projects, water management, safety, environmental and health programs, processes and framework for multiple sites. Company Profile Phoenix Global Trade Solutions Pvt. Ltd Phoenix Group, a global Agrifoods and Resources enterprise is engaged in production, procurement, processing, merchanting, wholesale, and distribution through an integrated supply chain. Our activities are managed through 22 offices, connecting 70 origin and destination countries. Our 2500 strong team manage 42 supply chain assets, and transact over 11 Mn MT across product categories with 4000+ customers worldwide, with revenue of more than USD 2Bn.For more information visit the website www.phoenixgroup.net View Contact Details+ Contact Company:Phoenix Global Trade Solutions Pvt. Ltd"	2
"National Organic Farming Research Institute Jobs 2019: 01 Young Professional II Vacancy for Array published on 28th May 2019. On 28/05/2019, National Organic Farming Research Institute announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Young Professional II. . Vacancy 1 : Young Professional II Qualification : M.Sc, Any Post Graduate Vacancies : 01 post Experience : Fresher Job Location : Gangtok Last Date to Apply : 18/06/2019Other Qualification Details: Project: National Initiative on Climate Resilient 2 (NICRA-NRM) Project.Minimum educational qualification Master Degree in the discipline of 2/ Agronomy/ Soil Science/ Horticulture/ Taxonomy/ Animal Science/ Geography/ Environment Science/ Social Science/ Soil & Water conservation Engineering/ Post-harvest processing/ Agril Business. Life Sciences with NET candidate having Post Graduate degree in Basic Sciences of Biochemistry/ Microbiology with 3 years Bachelors degree and 2/3 years Masters degree should have NET qualification and two years research experience and working knowledge in Comupter applications. Max. Age limit is 35 years for general and 5 years relaxation for SC/ ST and women candidates and 3 years for OBC candidates.Age: 35 Years Selection Procedure : Selection Will be Based either Written Exam/Interview How to Apply : 1. Candidates are required to bring brief Bio-data, all the Certificates, Mark-sheets in original along with an application addressed to the Joint Director, ICAR-NOFRI, Tadong, Gangtok-737102 with attested copies of Certificates and mark-sheets from HSLC onwards and affixing one Pass Port size Photograph.2. Eligible candidates are invited to attend ""'Walk-in-Interview"" for the post of Young Professional-II (YP-II) under the following project on June 18, 2019, at 10.30 a.m FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
we need a person 2 knowledge and supervising our organic farm Job Type: Full-time Experience: 2: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Required)	2
"Government job Punjab 2 University(PAU) Ludhiana (Punjab) Applications from the eligible candidates are invited for the following posts on the prescribed form (along with detailed qualifications, experience requirements & other relevant information) (Advt. No. 02/2017) : Registrar Additional Director of Research (Crop Improvement) Extension Specialist (Plant Breeding) Assistant Professor (Genetics) Assistant Soil Chemist Assistant Professor (Plant Pathology) (at outstation) Assistant Professor (Vegetable Science) (at outstation) District Extension Specialist (Soil Science) (at outstation) District Extension Specialist (Agronomy) (at outstation) District Extension Specialist (Entomology) (at outstation) District Extension Specialist (Horticulture) (at outstation) Programme Assistant (Computer) (visually handicapped category) (at outstation) Programme Assistant (Lab. Technician) (at outstation) Beldars (at outstations) How to Apply : The duly completed application forms with desired prescribed fee in the shape of Bank DD/ IPO payable to respective office where application has to be send reach by 11/05/2017. Logon to : http://web.pau.edu/index.php?_act=manageAllVacancy&DO=viewAllVacancy&intSubID=147 for more detailed information."	2
"Initiate market research studies and analyze their findings. Devise and evaluate methods and procedures for collecting data, such as surveys, opinion polls, or questionnaires, or arrange to obtain existing data. Collect and analyze data on customer demographics, preferences, needs, and buying habits to identify potential markets and factors affecting product demand. Conduct research on consumer opinions and marketing strategies, collaborating with marketing professionals, statisticians, and other professionals. Measure and assess customer satisfaction. Measure the effectiveness of marketing, 1, and communications programs and strategies. Prepare reports of findings, illustrating data graphically and translating complex Findings into simple written text. Seek and provide information to help company determine its position in the marketplace. Conduct economic and commercial surveys to identify potential markets for products and services. Supporting senior manager to develop and Install a corporate wide customer and market intelligence system. Forecast and track marketing and sales trends, analyzing collected data. Gather data on competitors and analyze their prices, sales, and method of marketing and distribution. Responsible to collect the data and analyze on Agricultural scenario, weather climatic conditions, price trend analysis, analysis of stocks, influence of Agri output process and channel management. Business Analytics Role: Generates Management Reports: Using various internal sources of information ( SAP, Business Objects, eSpatial) as well as external sources (market data, Google Analytics), the business analyst generates structured and ad-hoc reports. These reports may be requested by the Various business divisions OR support functions Team or may be generated by the incumbent who identified an activity of interest to the team. The reports may include topics such as market trends, profitability analysis, customer service level measurement, asset deployment studies, etc. The business analyst will ensure the information pulled into reports is accurate and will cross-reference as need be. Data Analysis: Use our large data warehouse to explain our results and orient our future actions. Acquires sufficient business understanding to be able to interpret the reports and generate conclusions or recommendations for action. Develops expertise to link analysis and results to the business issues. Communicates a compelling summary of findings to reach decision making and move to action. Demonstrates good collaboration skills to work as a team with the regions and Head Office support teams. Project Justification and follow up: Participate in new initiatives review and justification. Lead market analysis portion and coordinates brainstorming efforts with concern stake holders and prepare the report. Program accounting / tools & reports: Provide support to the program/product managers in setting SAP system parameters for new programs resulting in a smooth flow in the system. Develop performance dashboards that encompass key metrics to follow evolution, results and helps identify gaps or opportunities to improve. Seeks solutions and is action driven to improve results. Process improvement: Works in cooperation with multifunctional teams to continuously improve work processes. Analyzes his activities, identifies the causes of problems and proposes adapted corrective measures. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry:2 / Dairy Functional Area:Marketing, 1, MR, PR, Media Planning Role Category:Marketing Role:Manager - Market Research / Consumer Insights / Industry Analysis Keyskills business analysisbusiness analyticsmarket analysismarket intelligencemarket researchdata analysismarket datatrend analysis Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:MBA/PGDM - Any Specialization"	2
"GSCSC Jobs 2019: 137 Senior Assistant, Assistant/Assistant Depot Manager, Depot Manager, Assistant Manager Vacancy for B.Tech/B.E, B.Sc, B.Com, MBA/PGDM published on 30th May 2019. On 29/05/2019, GSCSC announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed B.Tech/B.E, B.Sc, B.Com, MBA/PGDM for the position of Senior Assistant, Assistant/Assistant Depot Manager, Depot Manager, Assistant Manager. . Vacancy 1 : Senior Assistant, Assistant/Assistant Depot Manager Qualification : B.Tech/B.E, B.Sc, B.Com Vacancies : 113 posts Salary : Rs. 19,900 - Rs. 63,200Per Month Experience : 2 - 5 years Job Location : Gandhinagar Last Date to Apply : 27/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Qualification : i) Second Class Graduation Degree in full-time courses from any recognized university.ii) First Class Graduate Degree in Science/ Commerce/ 2 from recognized University.2. Salary : i. 25,500 - 81,100 Per monthii. 19,900 - 63,200 Per monthAge: 20-35 Years Vacancy 2 : Depot Manager Qualification : B.Sc, B.Com, MBA/PGDM Vacancies : 11 posts Salary : Rs. 35,400 - Rs. 1,12,400Per Month Experience : 2 - 5 years Job Location : Gandhinagar Last Date to Apply : 27/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Qualification : First Class Graduate Degree in Science/ Commerce/ 2 from recognized University.OR MBA (Finance/ Marketing / logistics tick) with 50% marks from recognised AICTE.2. Salary : 35,400 - 1,12,400 Per monthAge: 24 years to 35 years Vacancy 3 : Assistant Manager Qualification : B.Sc, B.Com, MBA/PGDM Vacancies : 13 posts Salary : Rs. 39,900 - Rs. 1,26,600Per Month Experience : 2 - 5 years Job Location : Gandhinagar Last Date to Apply : 27/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Qualification : First Class Graduate Degree in Science/ Commerce/ 2 from recognized University.OR MBA (Finance/ Marketing / logistics tick) with 50% marks from recognised AICTE.2. Salary : 39,900 - 1,26,600 Per monthAddress. The Gujarat State Civil Supplies Corporation Ltd. Sector-10/A, ""CH"" Road, Near New Sachivalaya, Gandhinagar - 382 043. Gujarat Selection Procedure : Selection Will be Based either Written Exam/Interview How to Apply : Last Date 27 Jun 2019 till 11:59 PMFreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"Territory Manager - (18008871) Description Territory Manager About Syngenta: Syngenta is a leading 2 company helping to improve global food security by enabling millions of farmers to make better use of available resources. Through world class science and innovative crop solutions, our 28,000 people in over 90 countries are working to transform how crops are grown. We are committed to rescuing land from degradation, enhancing biodiversity and revitalizing rural communities. Purpose: To achieve the annual sales target by implementing annual sales plan through distributors and dealers. Commercial customer handling such as collection plan, handling field promotion expenses. Handle team of sales organisers for infield promotion. Implementing down stream marketing ( Go to market ) plans such as, pre commercial trials of new products, new product introduction, establish these new products , conducting field promotional activities such as pre sowing campaigns and field days and field trips. Competitors information – Such as new product performance, pricing, ABS, Schemes & activities. Customer Relation management: segmented retailers management, Plan and provide post sale services to customers to create the success stories, customer complaint handling. Legal matter handling. achieve sales plan in the territory across the crops. To gain / maintain leading position of the company by creating pull for product assortment at grass root level. Effective customer relationship management and maintain brand image. Introduction and establishment of new products for future growth. About this Job: ACCOUNTABILITIES: Create and Execute the Sales plan and modus operandi to deliver the sales target for the responsible geography. Execute a plan for the growth of the responsible geography, increase market share and lead growth. Ensure that right people are available to deliver the business aspiration. Have a fully motivated, engaged and energized Field Staff. Support the senior managers in improving business contribution and profitable growth through a mechanism of better forecasting and reduced day sales outstanding. Deliver a strong channel engagement and campaign plan along with executing the Go-To-Market Strategy for effective business success. Ensure demand generation through FTPs, Farm Days etc., Any other responsibilities as assigned by senior manager from time to time including Country/CU projects. Essential Knowledge & Experience: Critical Knowledge: Technical knowledge for handling customers and creating success stories, Commercial skills for Customer Accounts Receivable Management. Critical Skills: Team player, communication skills, customer handling skills. Critical Experience: Sales management, Customer Relation Management, Accounts Receivable management. A2 graduate / post graduate Knowledge of local language /Products/Markets Qualifications Qualification: BSc, MSc 2 Primary Location: IND-Maharashtra-Pune Work Locations: INR Baner Road Pune 411045 Job: Sales"	2
Development of instructional modules and curriculum An assistant math professor participates in the designing and development of instructional modules and the curriculum according to the classroom requirements They suggest measures to update and improve the existing curriculum Conduct scheduled lectures Assistant professor of math conducts the lectures assigned to him her and may serve as a replacement in the absence of the main faculty Supervise student activities Assistant professor of math has to keep a track of the student activities and provide periodic reports on the performance and progress…	2
"Job Location : Nagaur Experience Required : 1 to 2 years Job Roles and Responsibilities Consulting Farmers on 2 Recommendation to AGRI customers Village potential mapping Day to day engagement with Customers Inspection of tyres & vehicles in identified villages Collection of information from FARM customers & dealers Day to Day report collection Fitment /Market survey Customer activities and OEM engagement Engagement with Farmers Resolution of Tyre related issue within TAT Enhancing Agri sales and widening Agri Tyre service footprint across assigned Villages Skills Required : BSC/MSC in 2 or BE in automobile Experience of 2 industry Communication skills MS Office Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹22,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Location: Nagaur City, Rajasthan (Preferred)"	2
"In India, for more than 50% of the population, 2 is the primary source of livelihood. Indian 2 largely comprises of smallholders, as 83% of the cultivators are either marginal or small, who account for 99 million agricultural holdings in India. 62% of farmers are ready to quit farming for better jobs in cities and around 30 % from the younger generation are not willing to get involved in 2 for it being a risk and not giving adequate returns being most important issues. On the other end, our expenditure on food items has increased manifolds as prices of grains, vegetables, fruits and other food items have increased manifold in past few years. Despite assured market and increasing market price, farmers are ready to and are making choice to move out of 2!!!!!!!! 2 farmers today in India are unable to realize large proportion of consumer's rupee as most of it accrues to several intermediaries and value chain actors. While this value realization remains the key issue farmers are further burdened to face several other problems like incomes realized from small-sized lands is not sufficient to meet Household needs and aspirations, reduced soil fertility, crop losses due to uncertain weather conditions, lack of Technologies friendly to rainfed 2 production systems and availability of genuine seed at the right price. These multiple conditions are to be withstood by the new age 2 farmers to make a d cent living. No doubt, these pressures have resulted in many choosing to move away from 2. The above problems can be resolved. The current average annual income of farmers can be increased to Rs. 1 lakh from the current level of Rs. 52,000. All of this is possible through aggregating them into Farmer Owned Company. Do you want to make it possible by promoting Farmer Owned Company which will eventually have a turnover of Rs.100 crores? Do you have a burning desire to prove your abilities to manage Farmer Owned Company? Do you want to hand on work with farmers to redefine their livelihoods? Do you have the zeal to contribute to this change in the lives of communities? Are you looking for a challenging job? This could be the right job for you, read on….. Project Manager - Odisha WHAT IS EXPECTED OF YOU 1. To lead and guide a team on community businesses 2. To be able to identify new business opportunities and get technical feasibility and viabilities done 3. To be able to design and ground new community business like poultry, retail, mushroom, fisheries and any other found feasible 4. To train and develop capacities of small producers, board of directors and staff of the Producer Company 5. To monitor and report the progress of projects on a regular basis to the client and internally 6. To collaborate and partner with government, academic institutions, markets and others who are relevant to the community's businesses. 7. To be able to develop a business plan and effective grounding of the business of the producer company. 8. To be able to deal with internal compliances as per the ALC India norms and practices. Must have excellent numbers skills, Must be comfortable with MS Office suite (I.e. MS Excel, MS Power Point, and MS Word). WHAT YOU SHOULD HAVE: QUALIFICATION: Masters in Agri-Business/ Rural Management/ MBA from reputed institute Graduation from reputed college EXPERIENCE: A Minimum of 4 years of experience in working on livelihoods and people’s institutions. LANGUAGE: Knowledge of local language preferred PERSONAL QUALITIES& BEHAVIOURAL TRAITS: 1. Excellent interpersonal skills to deal with various stakeholders of the project. 2. Excellent coordination, communication and negotiation skills 3. Ability to adapt to local culture and tolerance to the physical hardship of rural India. 4. Ability to relate and empathize with a marginalized community. 5. Time management skills 6. Enjoy working under pressure, deadline-driven, and ability to adapt to a changing environment 7. High in cause orientation and resource consciousness 8. Good documentation and presentation skills WHAT WE OFFER: Non-hierarchical work environment A professional work environment and job satisfaction Work-life balance The joy of creating social impact The chance to work with and learn from highly experienced professionals A chance to truly experience and understand the real India INTERESTED? We would be delighted to hear from you. ALC India is committed to creating a diverse workplace and encourages applications from women, transgender people, and differently abled candidates. Please send your resume to hr@alcindia.orgfor the position of Project Manager. To know more about ALC India, including the communities we work with, our models, platforms, and services, please visit www.alcindia.org."	2
"No. of Vacancy 62 Pay Rs. 31,000/- approx. Educational Qualification Bachelor’s Degree in any discipline from a recognised University/Institutions with a minimum of 50% marks in aggregate (pass class for SC/ST/PWBD candidates). Age Limit 18-35 yrs"	2
"Government job Aryavart Gramin Bank (AGB) Head Office – A-2/46, Vijay Khand, Gomti Nagar, Lucknow, UP Recruitment of Officer Scale III, Scale II, Scale I and Office Assistant (Multi Purpose) 2011 (Phase – 2) Online Applications are invited for appointment in Officer andClerical (Office Assistant) Cadre in Aryavart Gramin Bank : Officer Scale-III : 04 posts, Pay Scale : Rs.25700-31500/- , Age : 21-40 years Officer Scale-II : 19 posts (Information Technology Officer – 2, 2 Officer – 10, Marketing Officers – 7), Pay Scale : Rs.19400-28100/-, Age : 21-32 years Officer Scale-I : 63 posts, Pay Scale : Rs.14500-25700, Age : 18-28 years Office Assistant (Clerk) : 85 posts, Pay Scale : Rs. 7200-19300, Age : 18-28 years Application Fee : Rs. 500/- for each post of Officer and Rs. 400/- for the post of Office Assistant (Rs.100/- for SC/ST/PH/Ex.SM), to be paid cash only by means of Payment Voucher Challan in Bank of India or in Aryavart Gramin Bank only. How to Apply : Apply Online at Aryavart Gramin Bank website from 29/08/2011 to 28/09/2011 only. Important Dates : Start date of online submission of application : 29/08/2011 Last Date of receipt of application : 28/09/2011 Date of written test for Office Assistant : 20/11/2011 Date of written test for Officers : 13/11/2011 (for all posts of Officers) Further information, Payment challan voucher and Online submission of application, please visit http://www.aryavart-rrb.com/Recruitment_2011_phase2.html"	2
"Candidates should have experience in farming practices and must know to deal with labours. 2 graduates will be given priority. please attach your educational qualifications with certificates. salary range will be 7000-10000 per month. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹7,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bemetara, Chhattisgarh (Preferred) Language: Hindi, English (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred) Required Documents: Address Proof (Required) Aadhar Card (Preferred)"	2
"Walk-in interview for the recruitment of Field Assistant No. of post: 01 Emoluments: Rs.15,000/- per month (Fixed) Essential Qualification: B.Sc (2/Horticulture/ Life Sciences) Desirable: Knowledge of computer & Garo language. Candidate Profile: Knowledge of computer & Garo language. Experience:0-5 Years Location:Umiam Education:B.Sc (2/Horticulture/ Life Sciences) Company:ICAR- Research Complex for NEH Region SALARY:Rs.15,000/- per month Last Date:20 Jun 2019 Company Info. ICAR- Research Complex for NEH Region Division of Horticulture ICAR- Research Complex for NEH Region Umroi Road, Umiam-793103 Meghalaya"	2
"Government job Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board (Madhya Pradesh Vyavasyik Pareeksha Mandal) (VYAPAM) ""Chayan Bhawan"", Main Road No.1, Chinar Park (East), Bhopal – 462011 Examination-2012 for backlog posts of 2 Development Officer (Special Recruitment Drive for SC and ST candidates only) An examination will be conducted on 25/03/2012 for the following posts : 2 Development Officer : 108 posts (SC-46, ST-62), Pay Scale : Rs.5200-20200 grade pay Rs.2800/- ., Age : 21-40 years How to Apply : Apply Online up to 24/02/2012. Please visit https://www.mponline.gov.in/Portal/Examinations/vyapam/notifications.aspx?langid=en-US&id=36 for details and apply online."	2
"Government job 2 Cooperative Staff Training Institute (ACSTI) Namdev Chowk, Jalandhar – 144001 (Punjab) Recruitment of Clerk-cum-Data Entry Operators in various district Central Cooperative Banks in the state of Punjab : Clerk-cum-Data Entry Operators : 400 posts, Pay Scale : Rs.5910 – 20200 grade pay Rs.1900/-, Age : 18-37 years, relaxation in age as per rules. How to Apply : The application can be filled online at CDAC Mohali website http://recruitment.cdacmohali.in only till 04/07/2011 up to 5.00 PM. Please visit http://recruitment.cdacmohali.in/"	2
"Job Code: N0SUS00512 Job role Setting up an approach to crop yield estimation using vegetative indices and implement it as a service to RMSI clients. The vegetative indices may be extracted from satellite / areal /drone images. Work with the team to setup a quantitative approach for crop yield estimation using crop photographs. Innovate the crop yield estimation methodologies. Represent RMSI in forums and conferences, presenting papers and participating in panel discussions. Essentials M.Sc./ Ph.D. in Agronomy/Horticulture/ Soil Science/2 Experience: 10 to 15 years. A mature and experienced technical person. Must have at least 5 years of experience in using NDVI and other vegetative indices for crop yield and health estimation Understanding of crop physiology and farming practices Sound working experience on ERDAS/ENVI and ArcGIS software."	2
"Products management and office manager for 2 product,beauty products,house uses product and clothes product. Job Types: Full-time, Temporary"	2
"Job Summary We are looking for an enthusiastic and energetic individual to join as a Field executive - Agronomy. You’ll regularly meet farmers and visit their farms. You’ll also work with agronomy-technical-officers to develop advanced package of practices for crops. Qualification and Skills M.Sc in 2 Ability to interact with farmers in Marathi language Familiarity with modern agronomy practices especially – integrated nutrient and pest management Willingness to go through online or executive courses Can stay in village Should have bike to travel and should be willing to travel Responsibilities and Duties Meeting farmers and visiting farms Interact with farmers through multiple media and solve problems Recording data about crop growth and suggesting agronomy practices Continually advance your agronomy knowledge Collaborate with senior agronomy-technical-officers to develop package of practices for crop Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month"	2
"Function Are you the promising researcher who will support public and private policy makers in the spatial planning process surrounding food production? We are looking for Wageningen Economic Research is looking for a talented colleague with a market- and customer-oriented attitude and a great affinity for applied scientific research. Experience in conducting research projects involving the spatial economic modelling of land use and natural resources is a must. You should have the capability and the ambition to lead and develop projects in that field. Your most important activities in doing so will be: Conducting research activities, including quantitative projects on the spatial economic modelling of land use and natural resources with an emphasis on GIS and R. Working in project teams that vary in size and complexity. These may vary from a few colleagues at Wageningen Economic Research to larger teams consisting of researchers from different organisations. An example of this would be other organisational divisions such as Wageningen Environmental Research, but also international consortia. Maintaining regular contact with your clients, whereby you proactively and sufficiently adapt to their wishes and needs. Clients include the Ministries of 2, Nature and Food Quality and of Infrastructure and Water Management, PBL, the provinces, and the European Commission (incl. H2020). Contributing to the acquisition of new research projects on the basis of your active network in spatial economics, as well as actively contributing to knowledge development and method/product innovation. At Wageningen Economic Research there are seven expertise groups. You will be working in the expertise group Green Economy and Land Use. This expertise group focusses on the economic perspective and sustainable development of green and blue growth via integral explorations, cost-benefit analyses, evaluation methods and business models Function Requirements a completed academic degree in spatial economics or economic geography, plus three to five years of research experience (e.g. PhD research); highly developed analytical skills and knowledge of quantitative research methods, particularly GIS and R; an interest in and network involving spatial economics; experience with project-based work as well as acquisition and project leadership capabilities; insight into the domain and the capacity to transform innovative ideas into concrete projects and products; excellent interpersonal skills to communicate and collaborate engagingly as well as spoken and written communication skills in Dutch and English; experience in publishing research results in reports and academic journals. Working conditions A challenging and meaningful position in an international and dynamic working environment. Your work activities are extremely diverse. Your salary is market-based and depending on your experience between €3,176 and €4,934 gross per month, for a full working week of 36 hours in accordance with the CAO Wageningen Research (scale 11). In addition, we offer: a position for 32 to 36 hours per week; a permanent position that you begin with a temporary contract for one year. Extension of the contract is contingent upon whether you show yourself to be the right fit for the position and if there is a full order portfolio; 8% holiday allowance; a fixed end-year bonus of 3%; 23 holidays with the option of accumulating 25 additional (compensation) days in a 40-hour working week; above average schemes for pension, special leave and parental leave. For example, you get paid 62.5% for parental leave. The employer contribution to the pension is above average as well. You will receive plenty of room for personal development and work in an pleasant, open and professional atmosphere. We fully support our employees in training and degree programmes. Contactinformation Contact If you have any questions, please contact Volkert Beekman, head of Green Economy and Land Use, via + 31 70 335 8241 or email volkert.beekman@wur.nl . Applying Will you be our new colleague? Please submit your application no later than Wednesday 26 June 9:00. Please apply online via https://www.wur.nl/en/Jobs/Vacancies.htm. Only applications via this apply button will be considered. Organization An independent and internationally leading socio-economic research institute. Wageningen Economic Research offers governments and companies (socio-)economic insights and integral advice for sound policies and better decision-making in an innovative way. We have been an expert in the field of sustainable 2 & food, healthy nutrition, lifestyle and the living environment for over 75 years, and are known as a knowledge institute that provides insight into the capacity of our planet on the one hand, and human actions on the other. For this we make use of and develop, among others, policy analysis, future studies, chain and consumer research, evaluations and monitoring systems, based upon our data, models and knowledge. Within Wageningen UR and together with the Wageningen Centre for Development Innovation (WCDI) and the university’s Department of Social Sciences (DMW), Wageningen Economic Research is part of the Social Sciences Group. DMW, Wageningen Economic Research and WCDI comprise the entire knowledge chain of fundamental scientific research (DMW), applied research (Wageningen Economic Research) and consultancy and capacity building (WCDI). As a result, Wageningen Economic Research provides access to a comprehensive range of expertise. www.wur.nl/en/Expertise-Services/Research-Institutes/Economic-Research.htm"	2
"Full-time Bengaluru Bengaluru Office Context of this Job This is an open position for Bengaluru Office at Isha Foundation. The foothills of the Velliangiri mountains, forty kilometers from the city of Coimbatore in South India, serve as home for the Isha Yoga Center. The Center is dedicated to fostering inner transformation and creating an established state of wellbeing in individuals. The large residential facility houses an active international community of brahmacharis, full-time volunteers and visitors. Established by Sadhguru as a powerful sthana (a center for inner growth), it is unique in its offering of all the four paths of yoga – gnana (knowledge), karma (action), kriya (energy) and bhakti (devotion). Every week, thousands of people converge at the center to seek out inner peace and wellbeing, making it a vibrant hub of spiritual growth and activity. “The reason why the ashram is being structured and created the way it is, is to make people understand that a spiritual process does not mean barrenness of life. Spiritual process means grandeur of life. It does not mean obscenity of excess but grandeur of life. Some aspects very carefully crafted to be minimalistic, some elaborate and exuberant.” - Sadhguru Read more about Isha Foundation... What your role will be Research various topics, analyze social trends and identify opportunities for videos, blogs & other content creation Comprehensive research from credible sources on topics identified by Lead  Identify and research topics with potential for interesting content  Identify trending topics and suggest content outline for videos, blogs, etc.  Presenting various viewpoints of topic, controversies, common misunderstandings about a topic, etc.  Write topic briefs, originate content ideas Required Competencies Minimal Educational Qualifications: Other Skills and Competencies: Education level: Graduate  Fluent in reading, speaking and writing English. Well-read.  Meticulous eye for unauthentic sources, inconsistencies in data etc.  Good general knowledge, up-to-date on current affairs, good memory for facts, figures  Capability to assimilate and analyze information on diverse fields. e.g. Arts, pop culture, science, medicine, finance, government, history, 2, and much more.  Capable of identifying relevant experts and conversing with them for information.  Self-motivated Computer Skills:  Proficient with Microsoft Word, Adobe  Extremely proficient at various aspects of Google Search. E.g. search operators, all avatars of Google Search such as News, Scholar, etc.  Aware of where to find large pools of information. E.g. Google Books, JSTOR, Open-Access Journals, reports of various organizations, PhD theses, etc. Required Work Experience: 3 years Gender Preference: None"	2
"Need candidates with Good experience in procurement of fruits & vegetables and willing to work out of Malur location. Graduation in 2 will be an added advantage. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	2
"Executive - Packaging-KAN00773 Cargill provides food, 2, financial and industrial products and services to the world. Together with farmers, customers, governments and communities, we help people thrive by applying our insights and over 150 years of experience. We have 155,000 employees in 70 countries who are committed to feeding the world in a responsible way, reducing environmental impact and improving the communities where we live and work. Description This position is to take charge of General packaging executive, Successor for manager check & verify quality of packing, Planning verification, machine availability for maintenance, Training of people. Food Safety & Quality- 25% Customer Focus / Quality management Packaging Safety requirements Packaging food safety requirements Leading Safety & food safety campaign. Lines OPL & Operation PPT making- 50% Manufacturing call presentation. Packaging best practice call with CEO. Market complaint discussion with CEO. Trials on line & its feedback. Complaint closures & PM complaints tracking. Training to executives & officer. Leading Packing small CI projects Daily Packing Idex BOM making Month end Oil balancing verification. Packaging planning PR PO making for consumables. RISK MANAGEMENT EHS Goals- 25% Adherence to safety standards, Policy and procedures Talent Management: Develops, supervises and provides coaching Quality of packing with zero defect out from plant each unit. Operational Excillence: Operational efficiency &Pack Continuous improvement Capital Effectiveness: Earnings ,Efficiency & Execution Qualifications Minimum Required Qualifications B.Tech Engg. With min 4-5years of Experience in Packaging Preferred Qualifications B.Tech Graduate Min 4-5 years experiance SAP knowledge, Computer knowledge. Build high performance team culture. Job Operations Primary Location India-Gujarat Schedule Full-time Job Type Standard Shift Day Job"	2
"Plastics For Change is developing partnerships with plastic aggregation centre across India. We are looking to hire a consultant to identify and evaluate plastic aggregation centre partnership opportunities. Plastics For Change has developed an ethical sourcing platform to create sustainable livelihoods for the urban poor, while transitioning the industry towards a circular economy. Our deal process and mobile platform provides waste pickers with access to fair and consistent income opportunities. Similar to fair trade 2, our platform creates transparency and accountability from the base of the supply chain to the store shelf. This results in more efficient shared-value chains and higher quality recycled plastic. We provide expertise to help catalyze brands and manufacturers to replace the use of virgin plastic with ethically sourced recycled plastic, thereby, immediately improving the social and environmental impact of their products. Plastics For Change operates through a franchise model. The franchisee partners benefit from price stabilization, working capital finance, standard operating procedures and more operational measures. You can learn more about the turnkey solution by referring to the following link: http://www.plasticsforchange.org/franchise-partner/ Job Description Plastic for Change is looking for a highly committed and an ardent individual who believes in bringing change into the informal plastic recycling sector through community/partner relations. This individual should be passionate about building relationships. We are looking for people who share our values and are driven to create social and economic inclusion. Job Title Consultant (Partnership Development) Requirement Part time (5-7 days in a month) Reports To Director - Programs and Development Location PAN India Duties and Key Responsibilities To identify wholesalers/aggregators involved in recycling plastics who can implement our system and process. To conduct a baseline study in the designated region about informal recycling supply chain with respect to plastics. To network and build relationships with government departments, urban/rural local governing bodies, NGOs and other key stakeholders involved in the plastic recycling sector. To gather contacts and required information from involved stakeholders regarding specific recycled plastic supply chains. To Identify, network, mobilize and engage wholesalers and NGOs who are in the recycled plastic supply chain. To organize meeting and present the PFC model to the selected wholesalers and NGOs. To develop and establish first level relationships with selected wholesalers and NGOs. To enroll selected wholesalers/NGOs on the PFC franchise funnel. To help in building trust with selected wholesalers/NGOs to maintain a strong working relationship. To organize client visits with selected wholesalers and NGOs. To support the PFC team to bring on wholesalers/NGOs as franchise partners. Reporting and Documentation Build, maintain, manage and report the database of all stakeholders in the plastic waste recycling sector. Maintain various due-diligence/assessments and other required documentation on an ongoing basis. Ensure timely, concise and accurate reports on a daily, weekly and monthly basis using a prescribed format. Ensure timely, concise and accurate CRM updates and as well as ensuring selected wholesalers/NGOs applications in time. Assist management to capture information pertaining to the designated region. General responsibilities Ensure professionalism at all times and demonstrate exemplary prioritization of workload skills Ensure the adherence of PFC policies, SOPs and other protocols . Ensure strict adherence to data confidentiality and security. Be willing to travel frequently across the region specified, sometimes at short notice, including other places as per the need of project or company. Work closely with the PFC team and partners Note: The roles and responsibilities outlined above are not meant to be an exhaustive list of tasks. Flexibility is required and the incumbent is expected to carry out any other related duties that are necessary for the optimum functioning of the company as a whole within the employee's skills and abilities whenever a need becomes apparent and reasonably instruction provided. Knowledge, Experience and Qualifications Any degree/ higher post graduate degrees/certificates. Five or more years of experience in plastic recycling/aggregation/ solid waste management sector managing government and NGO relations. Good understanding of social and environmental concepts and methodologies. Experience of being part of any program/project/stakeholder management team or field work would be an added advantage. Past experience of working in the fields of Urban or Rural Development, Environment, Community Relations / Interventions / Engagement, Plastics Recycling, Waste Management would be helpful. Fluency in Hindi, English and other local languages. Sound understanding of the informal sector and vulnerable communities. Skills Good interpersonal skills and ability to work in the field alone Open to new challenges Good data management, documentation and reporting skills Good computer skills; e.g MS Office and competence on CRM Ability to work under pressure and prioritize tasks Eye for detail Able to learn new systems, methods, processes and procedures Able to meet deadlines and produce quality outputs Proactive and self-motivated Humility, honesty, transparency, integrity and ability to maintain confidentiality Remuneration Remuneration will be par with industry standards and commensurate with experience Disclaimer PFC is an equal employment opportunity for all employees and provides employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at PFC are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. PFC will not tolerate any kind of discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. PFC encourages applicants of all ages."	2
"Project Manager Job Description Precision 2 for Development, Inc. (PAD) seeks a Project Manager to support PAD operations, and scale-up activities in India by leading activities in collaboration with state governments, private/social enterprises, and other key partner organizations. PAD was established with a keen eye towards rigorous evaluation and constant experimentation. Each of our programs and partnerships have a strong complement of research, ranging from large- and small-scale randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to A/B tests to pilot trials. Most of PAD's research projects are led by Shawn Cole (Harvard Business School) and Michael Kremer (Harvard University). PAD's research activities are also supported by affiliated researchers from other institutions and are overseen by PAD's Boston-based Senior Researcher. Indian citizens are strongly encouraged to apply. Organization background PAD is a US-based non-profit organization with a mission to support smallholder farmers in developing countries by providing customized agricultural information and services that increase productivity, profitability, and environmental sustainability. PAD is pioneering a model for agricultural extension: delivering farmers personalized agricultural advice via their mobile phones. PAD implements this model in collaboration with partner organizations and gathers evidence on its impact. PAD aims to improve the lives of 100 million farmers in developing countries with its services. A key element of our approach is helping partners with wide reach such as governments, contract farming organizations, telecommunications firms, agribusiness, and NGOs to design, build, evaluate, and improve customized mobile phone-based agricultural advisory systems. We help partners structure and improve their service offerings through incorporation of the latest availability technologies and data as well as insights from behavioral economics and social learning theory. Taking a global approach, we bring experience on what has worked elsewhere to every engagement and continue to optimize to local contexts using A/B testing and rigorous evaluation. PAD currently has operations in four countries (Kenya, Ethiopia, India, Pakistan), is advising a partner in Rwanda, and is working towards new endeavors in Ecuador and Uganda. These opportunities have allowed PAD to reach over 900,000 farmers by 2019, both with our own services and research efforts as well as through partnerships. Responsibilities The Project Manager will be responsible for the following main tasks: Actively engage and supervise the implementation of various projects, including developing work plans and tracking progress, designing and launching new services to farmers, implementing improvements to existing systems, managing focus group discussions and other data collection activities, supporting research activities, and writing reports; Work closely with PAD team members and our partner organizations to launch new projects; Participate in developing project proposals; Maintain excellent relationship and communication with our partners to ensure the success of our projects; Support the dissemination of project results via presentations and reports; Support planning and hiring of required team for different projects Manage 3-4 staff members; and Manage project budgets and timelines. Qualifications and Experience Required: A master's degree in business, management, economics, public policy, or a related field At least 4 years' experience managing projects preferably in the developing world Experience of managing a diverse team Strong writing and oral communication skills in English Experience speaking and giving presentations in public Ability to manage multiple projects and stakeholders Strong understanding of data analytics and statistics Willingness and ability to work under tight timelines, and willingness to travel to project areas and internationally Ability to work independently and with minimum supervision Strong interpersonal skills and ability to lead the team of diverse professionals Desired: Experience and ability to work in multicultural settings Experience in smallholder 2 and the developing world Familiarity with impact evaluation method Consulting or other private sector experience Fluency in at least one Indian language (Hindi, Gujarati, Oriya, Kannada, Bengali, ) Position details Full time Start date: ASAP Location: Ludhiana / Kolkata / Bhubaneswar (Please indicate your location preference in your cover letter) Compensation: commensurate with experience To apply, please visit the PAD website and use the online application form. The job position will be available until June 15, 2019. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis."	2
"Research Scientist - (18007807) Description Research Scientist About Syngenta: Syngenta is one of the world’s leading 2 companies. Our ambition is to help safely feed the world while taking care of the planet. We aim to improve the sustainability, quality and safety of 2 with world class science and innovative crop solutions. Our technologies enable millions of farmers around the world to make better use of limited agricultural resources. With 28,000 people in more than 90 countries we are working to transform how crops are grown. Through partnerships, collaboration and The Good Growth Plan we are committed to improving farm productivity, rescuing land from degradation, enhancing biodiversity and revitalizing rural communities. To learn more visit www.syngenta.com and www.goodgrowthplan.com. Follow us on Twitter & LinkedIn at https://twitter.com/SyngentaAPAC and https://www.linkedin.com/company/syngenta/ About this Job: Role Purpose To perform the Analytical chemical characterization work, as discussed with the Team Leader T&E, to agreed timelines. Ensure HSEQ as per site policy and local Regulation requirements. Maintain Laboratory and equipment as per GLP requirements. Support the Study Director to GLP studies and documentation. Coordinate with external stakeholders Accountabilities Excellent experimental skills i.e., perform and document chromatographic and spectroscopic analysis. Minimum of 8-10 years with good technical knowledge of HPLC and GC in an industrial setup. Knowledge of method development/Validation with HPLC/GC. In-depth knowledge on LCMS, GCMS, NMR, IR etc. with at least 6 years practical experience. Able to plan and organize assigned work to achieve a high level of productivity and to meet critical deadlines. Maintain Laboratories and assigned equipment and document as per the GLP requirements. Characterize analytical references and certified substances to meet development and production schedule requirements. Ensure HSE and waste disposal as per the site policy. Communicate results and programs effectively with staff, peers, and customers. Ensure compliance with all company HS&E policies and GLP. Train junior scientist to enable safe and competent performance. Qualifications Knowledge, experience & capabilities PhD degree in Chemistry preferable in analytical or allied Science, area from the reputed Universities with strong academic records and good communication skills and sound in instrumentations with 5-6 years of industrial experience. OR Master degree in Chemistry preferable Analytical or allied Science, from the reputed Universities with strong academic records and good communication skills with >10 years of industrial experience. Experienced Analytical Chemist with sound GLP experience is desirable, Excellent experimental skills Able to plan and organize work to achieve a high level of productivity and to meet important deadlines. IT literate relevant to work Good knowledge of written and spoken English Behaviors: Team-Oriented o Demonstrates personal commitment to the team o Values and uses individual differences and talents Results-Oriented o Works tenaciously to deliver agreed goals o Self-disciplined to achieve results through effective prioritization and timely delivery o Is not afraid to take risks Communicative o Ensures structure and clarity in both verbal and written messages o Provides timely communications and feedback to stakeholders o Able to manage and influence multiple stakeholders Primary Location: IND-Goa-Ilhas Work Locations: IN6 Santa Monica Plant Corlim Ilhas 403110 Job: Technology"	2
"Allahabad Advance Agri Solutions is a commercial biotechnology firm established in Uttar Pradesh with a mandate to deliver technically proven superior quality tissue culture raised planting material and services to farmers for nurturing 2 sector of the region. The firm has full-fledged operation at Allahabad and Kausambi. The firm have production capacity of 0.5 million (5 lakhs) plantlets per annum. The Laboratory is extensively involved in the area of biotechnological research, development of commercially viable tissue culture protocol as well as production and distribution of tissue culture raised planting material of different plant species. A part from production of tissue culture plants organization is very much interested to collaborate with academic as well as research institution/ universities for imparting training (dissertation work) to students / staffs interested in the field. Qualification: Any graduate or postgraduate in biotechnology/ botany/ life science or equivalent. Fresher can also apply. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: ₹42,000.00 to ₹60,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	2
"Looking for AGM - Pesticides Should have Sales & Marketing experience in Agro Chemical industry. Exploring the New business opportunities Responsible to achieve the assigned targets of the Business Unit Managing the Channel Sales Executing the promotional plans Adding new business partners Leading sales team Responsible for the collection of outstandings Experience : 15+ Years into On role Qualification : B.Sc - 2 Location : Vijayawada CTC : Max., 30 LPA If interested contact : Harish | 7207377464 | 9490930174 Job Type: Full-time"	2
"MPUAT Jobs 2019: 01 Vice Chancellor Vacancy for Array published on 24th May 2019. On 22/05/2019, MPUAT announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Vice Chancellor. . Vacancy 1 : Vice Chancellor Qualification : Any Graduate Vacancies : 01 post Experience : 10 - 20 years Job Location : Udaipur Last Date to Apply : 29/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Eligibility : Accordingly, the Chairman, Selection Committee (constituted as per Section 24(1) Of the MPUAT, Act), invites applications in the prescribed format for appointment to the post of Vice-Chancellor, Maharana Pratap University of 2 and Technology, Udaipur from distinguished/eminent educationists / scientists / academicians with the highest level of competence and institutional commitment. Please note that MPUAT is an equal opportunity employer. 2. Period : The appointment will be for a period Of three years.Age: 70 Years.Address. Registrar, Maharana Pratap University of 2 and Technology, Udaipur (Rajasthan) - 313001, PO Box No. 171 Selection Procedure : Selection Will be Based either Written Exam/Interview How to Apply : CV in prescribed format, as enclosed, duly signed by the candidates along with required information, needs to be sent by regular post to the Registrar, Maharana Pratap University of 2 and Technology, Udaipur (Rajasthan) - 313001, PO Box No. 171 and email on or before 29th June, 2019 uptill 5:00 PM. The applications must be send in a sealed cover and it rnust be super-scribed ""Application for the post of Vice-Chancellor (MPUAT, Udaipur)"". FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"Vasantdada Sugar Institute Jobs 2019: 01 Research Assistant Vacancy for Array Salary 15,000 published on 24th May 2019. On 24/05/2019, Vasantdada Sugar Institute announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Research Assistant. . Vacancy 1 : Research Assistant Qualification : M.Sc, B.Sc Vacancies : 01 post Salary : Rs. 15,000Per Month Experience : 2 - 3 years Job Location : Pune Walk-In Date : 06/06/2019Other Qualification Details: A. Qualification and Experience: 1. Young dynamic candidate, preferably having Masters degree in Microbiology (M.Sc. Microbiology) 2-3 years experience or B.Sc. 2 with 2-3 years experience, having good knowledge of production of bioweedicide, microbial toxin production, microbial culture maintenance . 2. Candidate should have experience of conducting field trial on weed control3. Recording data of observations & its statistical analysis.B. Experience: Minimum 2-3 years experience in the production of microbial toxin as a bioweedicide, microbial culture maintenance, experience of conduct of field trial.C. Job Profile: i. Large scale production of microbial toxins as a Bioweedicideii. Evaluation of microbial toxins as a Bioweedicide for control of weeds at field scale.D.Compensation (per month): Consolidated salary of Rs.15,000/- per month. This post is purely on temporary/ contract basis on a period of 11 months only.E. Department/ Section: Agricultural Microbiology Section.Address For The Job: . Vasantdada Sugar Institute, Manjari(Bk.), Tal.: Haveli, Dist.: Pune – 412 307Terms and Conditions: . 1. Applications are to be submitted at the time of Walk in Interview only. No Email Application will be considered.2. Consolidated salary of Rs.15,000/- per month.3. Appointment is on contractual basis for a period of 11 months only.4. No TA/DA will be provided for appearing for the interview.5. Candidates must bring updated C.V./ resume, original mark sheets/certificates and experience certificates, testimonials alongwith certified photocopies at the time of interview.6. Decision of the Institute will be final.7. Institute reserves the rights to fill or cancel any post or all posts without assigning any reasons thereof. Selection Procedure : Selection Will be Based either Written Exam/Interview How to Apply : Eligible candidates with an excellent academic record and the relevant experience may Walk in for an interview to be held on 06th June 2019 at 11.00 a.m. at the Agri. Microbiology Section, VSI.FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"We are hiring Territory Manager for Marathwada and Vidarbha regions of Maharashtra. Responsibilities and Duties Lead the field sales team to help them achieve their monthly sales targets and goals Responsible for generating e-commerce orders from dealers and dealer Subscription sales Create a robust sales process in lines with the organizational goals (Short, Mid & Long Term) Track & Monitor daily targets and reporting of sales team Take necessary actions to ensure the dealers, farmers and brand ambassadors are using the tech products regularly and are well trained to do so Robust sales Plan for the quarter/ annual prepared after discussing with customers and understanding of the market Supportive role in sourcing of products / deals Hiring and training sales team Qualifications and Skills Street-smart, team player who has working experience of 5-7 years in Agricultural Input sales in Marathwada and Vidarbha Having good network with the Agricultural dealers, distributors & companies in Agri industry. Effective Sales Planner & excellent in Execution Passionate about 2 Job Type: Full-time"	2
"Walk-in-Interview for the following contractual positions as detailed below available under RKVY-RAFTAAR R-ABI scheme of Ministry of 2 and Farmers Welfare, Govt. of India funded - ANGRAU Poshan Incubator"", Department of Agricultural Extension, Regional Agricultural Research Station, Titupati - 517502, Chittoor district, Andhra Pradesh No. of Vacancies: 01 Pay scale: 0.70 (Rs in Lakhs) Essential: M. Tech/MBA/PGDM/Equivalent Master degree in Agri-Business/ Finance/ Marketing/ Agri Marketing/ Agri-Economics/ Economics/ Technology Commercialization / Entrepreneurship from recognized institute having relevant experience in at least 2-3 years in technology commercialization; supported incubators; Assessment, evaluation of projects startups and with experience in startup ecosystem Please see Detailed Advertisement Link for full info: https://angrau.ac.in/angrau/angrau_job/ANGRAUPOSHANINCUBATORRKVYRAFTAARRARSTIRUPATIWALKININTERVIEW012_1559133551.pdf"	2
Heritage is recognized as one of India s largest and most successful Dairy for the last 2 years Based in Hyderabad with an existing brand presence in Andhra Pradesh Telangana Tamilnadu Karnataka Maharastra Heritage is known for its high quality standards and premium range of Cattle Feed products and following high quality manufacturing packing and distribution practices Heritage is now become the ISO 22000 certified company by maintaining international quality standards Salary INR 1 00 000 - 2 00 000 P A Best In The IndustryIndustry 2 DairyFunctional Area Production Manufacturing MaintenanceRole…	2
"Exciting opportunities have arisen at Certifications at Delhi, India for 2 AUDITOR. As an 2 Auditor you will be responsible for the application of organic and sustainable 2 and regulatory requirements and principles against established standards and protocols. The position requires strong communication. Applicants must have extensive knowledge of the 2 industry. You will be initiating and conducting on-site audit activities at our clients. You will be responsible for preparing and distributing your audit findings in an audit report. Are you committed to integrity, quality, and a self driven, systematic, service-oriented person and do you want to be part of our international network? Then we are looking for you! Tasks and responsibilities Auditing Sampling Verification and review of documents Reporting audit results Conducting audit follow-up Maintaining good relation with the clients Responding to function-related requests from clients Internal coordination and coordinating with the clients Assistance with handling of claims & appeals Keeping abreast of developments, issues and legislative changes pertaining to 2 and related sectors Marketing and Business Development activities Extensive travel (up to 15-20 days in a month) across India Requirements Graduate in 2 Postgraduate in 2 or allied sciences would be advantageous Minimum experience of 2 years in 2 or related industry Experience and knowledge of sustainable and organic farming certification schemes would be an added advantage Good command of English: in speech and in writing Excellent report writing, presentation skills Resourceful, fast learner with strong interpersonal skills Proficiency with MS Office Willingness to travel extensively (upto 15-20 days per month) across India Personality traits Independent attitude towards the job Accurate in observations and reporting Systematic and analytical way of working Aimed at serving clients and team spirited Our Company From our roots in agricultural inspections, Peterson and Control Union have been operating for nearly 100 years in the field of logistics, quality, certifications and risk management. Our in-depth knowledge and experience covers all aspects of the supply chain in many industries including 2, energy, forestry, sustainability and textiles. We also offer: Multinational organization environment Excellent career growth opportunities Highly diversified and international teams and programs Legendary, young and growing multicultural team Freedom to innovate"	2
"Government job National Institute of Food Technology Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM) (Ministry of Food Processing Industries) 3rd Floor, AMDA Building, 7/6 Siri Institutional Area, August Kranti Marg, New Delhi – 110049 Applications invited for Professor positions NIFTEM invites application for the following faculty posts from Indian citizens or abroad : Professor : in Pay Scale : Rs.37400 – 67000 + AGP of 10000 Departments : Food Science & Technology, Engineering, 2 and Environmental Science, Basic and Applied Science, Food Business Management & Entrepreneurship Development How to Apply : Interested candidates should send their complete CV with prescribed proforma in an envelope superscribing the cover "" Application for the post of ……… "" at the following address : Secretary, NIFTEM Society, 3rd Floor, AMDA Building, 7/6 Siri Institutional Area, August Kranti Marg, New Delhi – 110049 on or before 16/01/2012 . Please visit http://www.niftem.ac.in/NIFTEM/currentJobopenings.jsp for detailed information and application format desired."	2
Must have 5 - 10 Years experience in Bio fertilizers / Nutrients commercial production for 2. Shouldd be P.hd holder in relevent field. Salary: As per industry standards	2
"Call for applications for District Coordinator position to work with Climate Resilient Zero Budget Natural Farming (CRZBNF) program Kovel Foundation is (A Trust by the Indigenous People for Research on Sustainable Technologies established in the year 1994 with its headquarters at Visakhapatnam working for improving the quality of lives of forest dependent tribal families in Andhra Pradesh & Telangana States. Kovel Foundation as a Resource Organization is partnering with RythuSadhikaraSamstha (RySS), Guntur and Azim Premji Philanthropic Initiative (APPI), Bengaluru in implementation of Climate Resilient Zero Budget Natural Farming (CRZBNF) in the State of Andhra Pradesh for a period of 3 years. As part of this program, Kovel Foundation is inviting applications for the following position/s Experience District Coordinator; Paderu of Visakhapatnam District Qualification: M.Sc 2/ M.Sc Horticulture/ M.S.W/ M.Sc Botany 4 to 5 years’experience in 2 and Livelihoods Last date for submission of CV is 7.06.19. Please send your CVs to the following e-mail Contact Number : 9848083684 Job Type: Full-time Experience: relevant: 4 years (Preferred) work: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	2
"The Segment: S&P Global Platts The Grade: 09A The Location: Ahmedabad The Team: Team will be responsible for developing and maintaining the automation scripts, Building scrapes for different websites Will be responsible for migrating existing automation scripts from Perl - python framework, Finding the effective and most optimal solution for automation web sites and extracting the required content What we’re looking for: Key Responsibilities Handling a team of 3-4 resources Finding the directions and guiding them on automation. Code review Solid, hands-on testing background with the depth of knowledge of Web automation and debugging Experience in building a robust automation from scratch Strong expertise in Python/perl scripting Understanding of different automation tools Experienced using Selenium, Has knowledge in C# or Java Has Worked in Agile Environment and has a thorough understanding of the best practices Strong knowledge on API’s and scraping websites through API’s Solid knowledge of SQL and DBMS concept Building and evaluating tools for web scraping and doing in most efficient manner The Impact: Understand the existing Perl scripts , prepare a plan for migrating them to python Escalate the risks and create a mitigation plan Identify the most critical scripts and prioritize the migration Understanding the current scope of work and work on estimations Basic Qualifications: B.Tech/MCA At least 5-8 years of experience in tech industry At least 3-4 years of experience in automation Expertise in scripting languages, Python /Perl is a must Experience with relational databases Experience in designing the framework and best practices for automation Experience in setting up the governance model for automation. Preferred Qualifications: Create detailed, comprehensive and well-structured plans Knowledge on version control Estimate, prioritize, plan, and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved About S&P Global Platts: At S&P Global Platts, we provide the insights; you make better-informed trading and business decisions with confidence. We’re the leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodities and energy markets. Customers in over 150 countries look to our expertise in news, pricing and analytics to deliver greater transparency and efficiency to markets. S&P Global Platts coverage includes oil and gas, power, petrochemicals, metals, 2 and shipping. S&P Global Platts is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit www.platts.com"	2
"Government job Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) Walk in Interview for temporary post of Teaching Assistant at AMPRS, Odakkali to lead the R & D works in the field of Agronomy on contract basis for 1 year : Teaching Assistant (Agronomy) – 01 Posts, Pay : ₹ 35,000/- Per Month How to apply : Fill all the cells and send the same as e mail attachment to amprsjobs@gmail.com on or before 10/2/2017. There is no need to send the hard copy of the application or any documents.Interested candidates are requested to appear for a walk in interview with filled in application (in word format), containing self attested copies in proof of age, caste, qualification and experience. Original certificates should be produced for verification. No separate call letter will be sent to the applicants. Logon to : http://www.kau.in/sites/default/files/announcements/amprs_odakkali_-_notification_application_form_4.doc for more detailed information."	2
"Government job Haryana Public Service Commission (H PSC) Bays No.1-10, Block-B, Sector-4, Panchkula (Haryana) Haryana Public Service Commission invites applications for the following posts : Assistant Town Planner : 01 post Manager (IA) : 03 posts Manager (Accounts) : 03 posts District Ayurvedic Officer (Gr.B) : 02 posts Superintendent (Legal) : 02 posts Assistant District Attorney : 49 posts Assistant Engineer (Electrical) : 01 post Sub Divisional Officer H.V.S. : 14 posts Assistant Engineer (Civil) : 02 posts Economist HAS-I : 01 post Water Development Specialist HAS-II : 01 post Assistant 2 Engineer HAS-II : 01 post Sub Divisional 2 Officer/ Subject Matter Specialist/ 2 Information Officer/ Quality Control Inspector/ Assistant Cane Development Officer/ Assistant Plant Protection Officer HAS-II : 14 posts Assistant Soil Conservation Officer/ Soil Testing Officer/ Soil Survey Officer HAS-II : 08 posts Assistant Statistical Officer HAS-II : 03 posts Lecturer / Assistant Professor (College Cadre) HES-II : 140 posts in Higher Education Department How to Apply : Filled in application form in the prescribed format should be sent to the Commission’s office at Bays No.1-10, Block-B, Sector-4, Panchkula by post or in person on or before 30/11/2011."	2
"Job Summary Assistant Professor / Associate Professor in 2 department. Educational Institute Web : http://www.doonbusinessschool.com Responsibilities and Duties Responsibilities and Duties of Assistant Professor / Associate Professor in 2 department . Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Experience - 2 to 5 years M.Sc (Agri) preferably in Agronomy/ Plant Pathology/Entomology/Soil Sci.& Ag.Chem./Ext.Education.Must have completed PG level education from reputed institutions maintaining high grades throughout. and should be NET qualified. PhD desirable with 3-5 years industry/academics experience. Must have fluency in lecture delivery and be able to use varied methods by independently searching the best available content from the web using presentations, videos, activities, cases, situation analysis, role plays etc. Should be well versed in the adoption of different pedagogies and specially IT enabled resources and be able to design own activities to promote application based learning * Preference will be given to Ph.D candidates. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹800,000.00 /year Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	2
"MAIN FUNCTION OF JOB Agricultural Marketing Today the demand of the 2 equipments and product are very much high, most of the farmers want to use the new ways of producing crops and find the most appropriate way of growing efficient crops. 2 marketing totally deals with the demand and supply of all the agricultural products and equipments. The officer is responsible for selling, pricing, 1, packing, promoting, planning and accounting of all out Techno Surge Industries Pvt Ltd. Job Description: 2 marketing /backoffice officer’s will work for Techno Surge Industries, to promote 2 product, supportive farmer in selecting the right product and evaluate the soil testing through our soil testing labs etc Marketing officer will be responsible for agricultural, tools, equipment sell, soil testing kits, chemicals, etc to farmers in a specified region. Marketing officer plan, expand and apply marketing policy in order to attract purchaser and boost up profits. The major responsibility is to identify the area where the need of soil testing and soil testing chemicals is and place order at that place. Marketing officers is responsible for supplying the entire product on time and make sure that they will reach the exact customer. Skills Required Essential Requirement of National Sales Manager – Excellent communication skills- both spoken and written Able to engage with participants, connect with them High energy, enthusiastic, motivational training style Strong people management and leadership skills Excellent creative and conceptual thinking abilities Cheerful personality, confident in approaching people & achieving targets Graduate / Post graduate in 2 having 3+ years of experience in 2 Marketing i.e Fertilizer, Chemicals, Water Testing or Soil Testing Kits Salary: INR 15000/- – 20000/- P.A Industry: Techno Surge Industries Pvt Ltd Functional Area: 2 Products Marketing, Back Office Operations Role Category: Marketing & Administration Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Marketing: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	2
"The GIZ Food and Nutrition Security and Enhanced Resilience (FANSER) Project aims to improve the nutritional situation of deprived people, particularly women of reproductive age (15 – 49) and children under the age of two years. The Project is funded by a global initiative One World – NO HUNGER of the German Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ). The main objectives are to improve quality of and a more varied and balanced diet for women and children; improved and stable access to and greater availability of food for households threatened by food insecurity; to increase resilience by taking advantage of basic services in 2, health, education, social security as well as water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH). The project will support the establishment and advisory of governmental coordination structures in Luapula province to provide services, guidance and advocacy for improved food and nutrition security. Your tasks Facilitating the process of establishment of the District Nutrition Coordinating Committee (DNCC) in Kawambwa District and advise the existing DNCC in Mansa District in Liaison with The National Food and Nutrition Commission (NFNC) Supporting the establishment, monitoring and reporting of food and nutrition multisectoral plans in the districts through the DNCCs in Mansa and Kawambwa in line with the national guidelines Facilitating documentation and sharing processes, innovations, lessons learned and best practices with other stakeholders in the DNCC and Provincial Nutrition Coordinating Committee (PNCC) Leading the process of identifying capacity gaps within the Nutrition Committees at Province, District and Ward Level for an enhanced capacity building plan Providing or facilitating trainings and capacity development for PNCC/DNCC members for advocacy and effective implementation of nutrition sensitive activities Assisting with Public Relations work and cooperate with relevant stakeholders to improve and maintain good working relationships and support the DNCC to become innovative learning platforms for nutrition related topics Regularly interact with provincial/district/ward level sector nutrition focal points and other technical staff to ensure planned activities are implemented Monitoring and Evaluation of the programme to effectively monitor desired outcomes; providing technical assistance to DNCC to ensure knowledge transfer Support the preparation of progress and annual reports to the German BMZ and to Zambian partners at different levels Your profile Bachelor’s Degree in Nutrition, social work, agribusiness, health promotion, agronomy, rural development or other relevant discipline Several years professional experience, preferably in a comparable position or related to nutrition Demonstrated knowledge in stakeholder engagement, managing local platforms in development work and dietary diversity at intra-household level or multi-stakeholder processes Experience in capacity building of development practitioners including public service workers Strong interpersonal and communication skills to work effectively in a multicultural and multidisciplinary team Structured work style with a high degree of self-organisation, flexibility and creativity; teamwork and networking skills combined with the talent to think conceptually and analytically Good working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel, and PowerPoint Fluent written and oral knowledge of English, knowledge of German is an advantage Location information The duty station and location of the main accommodation is in Mansa, the provincial capital of Luapula Province. The distance to Lusaka is a 12 hours’ drive, but also connected via regular flights. The town has around 130.000 citizens; urban infrastructure like basic medical care, water supply, sanitary facilities and electricity, supermarket, telecommunication system and waste disposal are generally given. Luapula province is a remote place, but it offers some beautiful touristic highlights such as Zambia’s second biggest waterfalls (Lumangwe Falls), the Banguewlu Wetlands or the Kasanka National Park, famous for its annual bat migration which is the largest mammal migration on Earth. There are no international schools in Mansa, therefore the assignment is not appropriate for families with school aged children. Notes The position requires demonstrated interest and capacity to work and live in a rather remote place and to undertake extensive field work. It is provincial town based with 40% of office time in Mansa and 60% field time in the targeted district of Kawambwa. Extensive traveling within the Province with an average of three working/office days in Kawambwa per week. GIZ's Development Service is looking forward to applications of candidates with a professional qualification and / or university degree and at least two years of professional experience. In addition you hold the German nationality or the nationality of a member state of the European Union. Please understand that we can accept and process in principle only applications via our E-recruiting system. Following the confirmation of your succesful application, kindly check your spam / junk mail folder on a regular basis, since some provider classify emails form our recruiting system as spam. You can get an overview of our benefits packages here. Our benefits We are a global service provider within the field of international cooperation for sustainable development. We offer you the opportunity to deploy your technical know-how at one of our locations in more than 130 countries. During the preparation phase, you will receive initial insights into GIZ and the local conditions. This ensures you are as well prepared as you can be for your placement. You have the opportunity to contact other new starters, and to expand and develop your personal network. You will receive a medical check-up, as well as detailed advice on precautionary measures, vaccinations and malaria prevention. Every two years, you and your accompanying family members will receive a precautionary check-up. The medical service is available in emergencies for employees domiciled in Germany. It also provides advice for ergonomically designed workplaces. For supply trips, such as for shopping, to school or to the doctor, you can either use your company car or claim a monthly fixed-sum travel allowance. You may also use the company car for private use with the consent of your superior. For your service as a development worker we will pay you a monthly basic subsistence allowance. From the contractually agreed departure there is also an additional monthly expatriation allowance. This allowance increases if you are married and/or have dependent children - even if your family does not leave the country with you. Following your preparation in Germany, we offer you eight days’ departure leave so you can prepare for your deployment as a development worker. We reimburse the bulk of child care costs for dependent children under the age of 14 who are travelling with you. This entitlement lapses if your partner travels out with you and does not work as a development assistant or an integrated specialist. Up to 92.5% of costs for pre-school and school enrolment are covered. We help you find somewhere to live locally and reimburse the costs based on country-specific rent index. We provide health and liability insurance for you and your family. Family members travelling with you are also covered by accident insurance. During your working hours you are also legally covered by accident insurance. In countries affected by crisis your protection includes a comprehensive risk management system, which minimises personal hazards and risks. We are a global service provider within the field of international cooperation for sustainable development. We offer you the opportunity to deploy your technical know-how at one of our locations in more than 130 countries., During the preparation phase, you will receive initial insights into GIZ and the local conditions. This ensures you are as well prepared as you can be for your placement. You have the opportunity to contact other new starters, and to expand and develop your personal network., You will receive a medical check-up, as well as detailed advice on precautionary measures, vaccinations and malaria prevention. Every two years, you and your accompanying family members will receive a precautionary check-up. The medical service is available in emergencies for employees domiciled in Germany. It also provides advice for ergonomically designed workplaces. , For your service as a development worker we will pay you a monthly basic subsistence allowance. From the contractually agreed departure there is also an additional monthly expatriation allowance. This allowance increases if you are married and/or have dependent children - even if your family does not leave the country with you., Following your preparation in Germany, we offer you eight days’ departure leave so you can prepare for your deployment as a development worker., We reimburse the bulk of child care costs for dependent children under the age of 14 who are travelling with you. This entitlement lapses if your partner travels out with you and does not work as a development assistant or an integrated specialist. Up to 92.5% of costs for pre-school and school enrolment are covered. , We help you find somewhere to live locally and reimburse the costs based on country-specific rent index., For supply trips, such as for shopping, to school or to the doctor, you can either use your company car or claim a monthly fixed-sum travel allowance. You may also use the company car for private use with the consent of your superior. , We provide health and liability insurance for you and your family. Family members travelling with you are also covered by accident insurance. During your working hours you are also legally covered by accident insurance. In countries affected by crisis your protection includes a comprehensive risk management system, which minimises personal hazards and risks. About us We offer the opportunity to work in an innovative and worldwide operating institution related to development policy. Your competencies and qualifications are demanded on the spot in an interdisciplinary team. You advise governmental and civil society organizations at local or municipal level. The Development Service of GIZ offers a comprehensive service package. It includes a specific technical and personal preparation. The basis for the deployment of specialists in the development service is the German Development Workers Act (EhfG). Contact Customer Portal of Recruitment and Follow-on assignments +49 6196/79-3200 kundenportal-rueckfragen@giz.de"	2
"Job Description Responsibilities include: 1)Maintaining the appointment calendar and scheduling various meetings, programs and business calls on daily basis. 2)Organizing and Maintaining office records, all documentation and communication with confidentiality. 3)Travel arrangement-domestic and international, Passport, Visa, Foreign exchange, Hotel Booking. 4)Handle day to day visitors and guest. 5)Consolidation of reports received from various dept, units, new project team etc. 6)Checking and maintaining summary of all documents & bills submitted for approval. 7)Daily MIS, Weekly MIS. 8)Advanced excel knowledge is preferred. Keyskills SecretaryPersonal AssistantPA Desired Candidate Profile Good in MS Office-Advanced Excel. Multitasking ability. Education- Doctorate:Doctorate Not Required Company Profile Nandan Petrochem Ltd. Nandan Petrochem Ltd. About Us:www.nandangroup.com Nandan Petrochem Limited (NPL) is one of the leading manufacturers of Genuine Oils, Greases & Specialty Oils with a significant PAN India & overseas presence in the Lubricating Oil market, continuously driven by innovation to enhance stakeholder value and customer satisfaction. NPL started its operations with contract blending & filing for Public Sector undertakings. By virtue of technical collaboration agreement with Avista Oil GmbH (Germany) and also being the oldest & largest contract manufacturer in the country, NPL has access to the latest technologies and is marketing the complete product range starting from Lubricants, Greases, Transformer Oil, White Oil/Liquid Paraffins, Rubber Process Oils to specialty lubricants under our brand ""VELVEX"". NPL BlueSky Automotive is a Technical JV between Nandan Petrochem Limited (NPL) and KRUSE Automotive GmbH, Germany to manufacture and market AdBlue (AUS32/DEF) in India. As early as in 2011, when India decided to implement BS IV in 13 cities, NPL BlueSky Automotive commissioned the AdBlue manufacturing plant in India, thereby today a pioneer & largest manufacturer of AdBlue in India. Product Portfolio: Automotive Oils & Greases Industrial Oils & Greases White mineral oils | Liquid Paraffin ( Technical & Pharma) - Process oils - Paraffinic |Aromatic |Naphthenic Transformer oils AdBlue (AUS32/DEF) Industries catered: Automotive, Pharma, Cosmetics & Personal care, Energy & Power industry, Food processing, 2, Rubber & Tyre, Plastics & polymers, other Industrial applications. Business Highlights: 25+ years of experience in Petroleum Refining and Blending, growing consistently with ethical business relation. Wide product portfolio with strong technical expertise. Costs benefit advantage of bulk procurement by standardization and grouping of Base oils. Strong & diversified supply chain networks across globe in RM sourcing. Increasing capacity of around 96,000 KL PA for Oils, 6000 MT PA for Greases and 1,80,000 KL PA for AdBlue. Six state of art ISO 9001|14001|22241certified Manufacturing units with in-house well equipped laboratory, strategically placed across India. (3 Plants for Lubricants, Specialty oils & Greases; 3 Plants for AdBlue) Only lube manufacturer to have owned in-house container manufacturing units for assisting in custom designed moulds and seamless service of filling & dispatch. On field technical support and field trials. Contract manufacturing & customized Genuine Oils manufacturing for OEMs. Our Mission is to always provide quality products and services to our customers at the right price and at the right time through efficient systems. OEM Customers: Over the years NPL has developed an expertise for manufacturing tailor made Genuine Oil for major OEMs. Depending on their application & engineering, suitable oils are formulated with optimum performance levels to meet the OEM specific requirements. We also extend our design expertise for their brand containers with support of our in house container manufacturing units. Currently NPL is serving to more than 15 + OEM customers. Contract Manufacturing: In the glorious past, NPL has assisted top notch multi-national companies (MNCs) like Mobil, Total, Chevron, BP, etc through contract manufacturing to roll out their international brands by providing them NPL's state of the art Lube Oil Blending plants as equivalent to Global standards. View Contact Details+ Recruiter Name:Mr Kabindra Contact Company:Nandan Petrochem Ltd."	2
"Heading the Compost division as a separate SBUSegmenting the market and developing sales and marketing strategiesIdentifying new streams for revenue growth and developing plans to build consumer preference and prospective clients, generating business from the existing clientele to achieve business targets.Product Registration, licensing and managing regulatory affairsLiaising with the Ministries and Government agencies.Marketing and Business DevelopmentPlanning and coordinating market development activities and campaigns in the region for demand generationAcquiring new clients and negotiating with them for securing profitable business maintaining and managing existing accounts to ensure business sustainabilitySales and OperationsManaging sales operations and ensuring accomplishment of set business goalsInstitutional and Corporate Sales: Setting up the Institutional and corporate sales channel and leading sales for this channelChannel Management: Appointment, Performance Monitoring, Contract negotiation and Renewal, Credit worthiness evaluation of Trade NetworkMonitoring and Coordinating with the Retail sales team to achieve the set targets.Profitability Management: Price management, value mapping with sales team, production, procurement and other cross functional team though operational inputs.Credit and Account Receivables managementProfit Centre OperationsOverseeing revenue/ profit operations for ensuring increased profitability and achieving business objectives within budgeted parametersPlanning business directions, ensuring profitability in line with organizational objectives and formulating business plans for overall development and accomplishment of top and bottom-line profitabilityThe person Graduate or Post Graduate in Agricultural SciencesMBA from top institution preferredTeam player, able to quickly develop internal relationshipsHigh ownership individual who can demonstrate a passion for the business"	2
"Company - A.K. Group of Companies A leading 73 year old group, market leaders, manufacturer and exporter of 2 Sprayers, Crop Dusters, Nozzles etc. URL - www.aspee.com Job Location: Hyderabad Mechanical Engineer: Job description Year of Experience: 0-3 We are looking for Mechanical engineers who can provide efficient solutions to the development of processes and products, ranging from small component designs to extremely large farm mechanized products. They can work on all stages of a product, from research and development to design and manufacture, through to installation and final commissioning. Typical work activities Mechanical engineers work on a project from the initial brief, through the design and development stage, to the testing of one or more prototypes, right through to final manufacture and implementation. Projects can vary significantly, from researching and developing farm mechanized products in our company products (such as sprayers and other products) to improving production processes in aspee plant. Tasks will generally include: Work on designing and implementing cost-effective equipment modifications to help improve safety, reliability and throughput; Developing a project specification with colleagues, often including those from other. developing, testing and evaluating theoretical designs; discussing and solving complex problems with manufacturing departments, sub-contractors, suppliers and customers; making sure a product can be made again reliably and will perform consistently in specified operating environments; managing projects using engineering principles and techniques; planning and designing new production processes; producing details of specifications and outline designs; recommending modifications following prototype test results; using research, analytical, conceptual and planning skills, particularly mathematical modeling and computer-aided design; considering the implications of issues such as cost, safety and time constraints; working with other professionals, within and outside the engineering sector; Monitoring and commissioning with both plants Hyderabad. (Ready to travel to visiting both the Plants / Factories) Thanks and Regards, Pooja Sharma 7674927426 Executive - HR A.K. Industries Salary: INR 50,000 - 2,50,000 P.A. Performance Based incentives Industry: 2, Dairy Functional Area: Engineering Design , RandD Role Category: RandD Role: Product Development Executive Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Keyskills Project Management Installation Commissioning Design Development Mechanical Engineering Operating Environments Planning Skills monitoring skills Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical, Electrical, Diploma - Mechanical, Electrical, Engineering"	2
"Description Managing topics: Local management and organization of local laboratory Budgets planning & cost centre responsibility Investment planning for the local lab, in coordination with Global Head of Labs Identifying of local and global cost saving potentials Reporting in BHSG lab and to other functions Local topics: Performing income inspection, inprocess testing and final inspection Income inspection and analytical tests with GC, FTIR, microscopy, Viscosity, ... Performing inprocess testing and final inspection tests like tensile, burning, weight, Thickness, color measurement, vacuum forming, foaming, microscopy, thermo stability, grain evaluation, … Understanding other requirements like surface (abrasion, scratching, resistance, ..), soiling and cleaning, heat aging, climate storing, odor, fogging, flexibility,foaming, microscopy, photo documentation, coldness (ball drop, folding, Flexibility), Sample preparation with punching, cutting, Programming of test devices like Tensile machines, GC, IR, ... Performing income and final inspection incl. documentation in SAP, release on ok values. Block of raw materials on not ok values. Support R&D in creation of raw material and product specifications, especially in the use of test methods Calibration of measurement devices incl. documentation in SAP. Organize the maintenance and repair of broken devices. Performing MSA and Cross check (R&R tests) for measurement equipment Development of new and improvement test methods incl. documentation Manufacturer's authorized inspection representative (COA) of the local BK plant according DIN EN 10204 Coordination of tests done in other BHSG or Continental locations or externally. Ordering by CEOS, Responsible for time controlling of employees, safety responsible for lab. Qualifications Any Engineering with 10 -12 years’ experience in Labs This is the head of laboratory of the new GFI plant. He / She has to set up the new lab start from July 2019. Lab equipment set up Lab furniture set up Lab test methods set up Lab staff recruiting for GFI Training in China or Germany to learn equipment and test methods The ContiTech division develops, manufactures and markets products, systems and intelligent components made of rubber, plastic, metal and fabric. They are used in machine and plant engineering, mining, 2, the automotive industry and other important sectors of the future."	2
"Department of Financial Services Jobs 2019: 01 Registrar and Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Vacancy for Array published on 3rd June 2019. On 28/05/2019, Department of Financial Services announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Registrar and Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. . Vacancy 1 : Registrar and Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Qualification : Any Graduate Vacancies : 01 post Salary : Rs. 1,76,800 - Rs. 2,24,000Per Month Experience : 10 - 20 years Job Location : New Delhi Last Date to Apply : 10/07/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Eligibility : Applications are invited from eligible and willing candidates who fulfill the following criteria: a. All eligibility criteria will be reckoned as on 17.10.2019. The officer should be below the age of 59 years as on 17, 10.2019. b. General Managers or above of Nationalised Banks / State Bank of India/ Chief General Managers or above in IDBI Bank. c. Chief General Managers or above in Reserve Bank of India (RBI) / National Bank for 2 and Rural Development (NABARD) / Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) / India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd. (IIFCL) / EXIM Bank of India and General Managers or above of National Housing Bank (NHB)/ Public Sector Insurance Companies. Equivalent level officers in Financial Institutions are also eligible, provided the Institutions so covered should not have less than fifty-one per cent of the paid-up capital being held or controlled by the Central Government, Joint Secretary level officers of the Central Government, working in the pay scale of Pay Band 4 and Grade Pay of Rs. 10,000/- or Director level officers of the Central Government, working in the pay scale of Pay Band 4 and Grade Pay of Rs, 8,700/- who have worked for at least three years as Director, are also eligible to apply for the post. 2. Pay Scale : The post of Central Registrar of Central Registry carries the Pay Scale of Level 14A (Rs. 176800-224000)Age: 59 YearsAddress. Deputy Secretary (DRT), Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, Govt. of India, 3'd Floor, ""Jeevan Deep Building"", Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110 001General Terms and Conditions. 1. Tenure of Central Registrar would be of 3 years from the date of joining of office subject to condition that in case of deputation, if the officer reaches the age of superannuation (60 years) while working at the post of Central Registrar, he/she shall be repatriated to his/her parent organization/office, 15 days prior to the age of superannuation. 2. The tenure of the officer may be extended with the approval of Appointment Committee of Cabinet, provided that extended tenure shall not be beyond the time the officer attains the age of 60 years. Selection Procedure : Deputation How to Apply : Willing and eligible candidates may apply through proper channel, in the prescribed proforma (Annexed) along with attested copies of ACRs for the last seven years i.e. from 2011-12 to 2017-18. The applications should reach within 6 weeks from the date of appearance of this advertisement on the Website of Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance. Govt. of India (latest by 10th July, 2019) in a sealed cover super scribed with ""Applications for the post of registrar and managing director & chief executive officer (central registrar) of central registry in confidence to: Deputy Secretary (DRT), Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, Govt. of India, 3'd Floor, ""Jeevan Deep Building"", Sansad Marg, New Delhi - 110 001 The candidates may be required to appear before the Selection Committee for an interaction for which no TAIDA will be paid by the Ministry. Note: Direct/Advance applications need not be sent. Only those applications which are received through proper channel by the stipulated date will be considered Incomplete applications will be summarily rejected. FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"S&P Global Platts The Role: Editor The Location: Gurgaon Grade: 9A The Team/The Business: You’ll sit within the Q&D team, which is part of the wider news team at Platts. You’ll work with global commodity editors and content creators in a fast-paced environment. Editing can include news stories, market commentaries and thought leadership reports, among others. The Quality & Digital Editing Team (“Q&D team”) is a global group of editors tasked with ensuring Platts content meets our high standards. The team drives long-term improvement and excellence, playing a central role in coaching and mentoring reporters in their journey to becoming strong content creators. The Impact: To ensure quality, consistency, and adherence to Platts News Essentials and style. The Career Opportunity: This role offers the opportunity to learn about the many commodity markets Platts covers, as well as various types of content Platts creates. You’ll play a central role in ensuring Platts content meets the highest editorial standards, is free of errors and libel risk, and is structured to have maximum impact. You’ll develop strong written and spoken communication skills, digital skills and will learn to work within tight deadlines. Your Skills: Very strong interpersonal and communication skills; Strong English language writing and editing skills; Digital media skills; Moderate to strong math skills; Ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines; a degree in journalism and 3-4 years of editing experience will be highly advantageous. Responsibilities Ensure all content meets Platts News Essentials principles and style rules, sending content back for rework with constructive feedback when needed. Ensure all content is market relevant, accurate, legally compliant and concise. Ensure Platts insight is presented in the best way and suggest changes when needed. Ensure all Platts.com content is optimized for online display, with tight headlines/subheads, clear graphics. What We’re Looking For: The successful candidate should be up to the challenge of establishing a new editing desk, displaying excellent journalistic skills and instincts. Basic Qualifications: The ability to edit a high volume of wide-ranging, complex, often sensitive copy, at speed and under pressure. The ability to apply the tenets of good journalism while editing content. This means, at minimum, ensuring the content is clear and concise, adheres to Platts' house style, has the proper sourcing and attribution, and is free of plagiarism and libel concerns. Preferred Qualifications: Prior experience working on a news desk is a plus, particularly for a news wire. High degree of literacy and numeracy. Working knowledge of energy and commodities markets and industries is highly advantageous. About S&P Global Platts At S&P Global Platts, we provide the insights; you make better informed trading and business decisions with confidence. We’re the leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodities and energy markets. Customers in over 150 countries look to our expertise in news, pricing and analytics to deliver greater transparency and efficiency to markets. S&P Global Platts coverage includes oil and gas, power, petrochemicals, metals, 2 and shipping. S&P Global Platts is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit www.platts.com."	2
"To build and strengthen farmer s 2 knowledge, skills, attitude and practices resultingin improved household income.2. To build a robust agri-supply and value chain, leading to improved farmer s efficiency andoptions for products and services resulting in improved household income.a. Vendor management,b. Seamless and timely product and service supplyc. Develop eco-system that stocks, supplies high quality products and services atcompetitive price.3. To provide strategic and operational support to small business resulting in profitable businessand improved Household income.Key Responsibilities of the Role: 1. To build and strengthen farmer s 2 knowledge, skills, attitude and practices resulting inimproved household income.a. Basis needs assessment of farmers, develop annual capacity building calendar (trainings,exposure visit, mentoring, building co. Heros) and implementation of the same.b. Observe high quality CB process that include pre and post-test assessment, trainer squality assessment, concurrent monitoring.c. Develop high quality resource materials including trainer s module, trainee modules, IECand BCC materials (print and electronic)d. Maintain accurate and timely CB MIS and share the same with all stakeholderse. Initiate vegetable cultivation in new 1000 acres (with support from ED Manager) resultingin development of vegetable cluster.2. To build a robust agri-supply and value chain, leading to improved farmer s efficiency andoptions for products and services resulting in improved household income.a. Sustain the existing agri-input vendors and build new entities to meet the growing needsin the area of but not limited to Paddy Cultivation, New Orchards, Grafting, VegetableCultivation, etcb. Build and sustain agri-value chain of top 5 agri produces including end to end marketlinkages leading to better margins and improved efficiencies.c. Quality assurance of products and services supplies by vendors and complete vendormanagement including following-up on payment and reporting.3. To provide strategic and operational support to small business resulting in profitable business and improved Household incomea. Identify business that is feasible to current geography with significant potential to improve household income.b. Develop business plan for each of the businesses (with specific focus on women and youths) in local language that can be used for strategic investment and MISc. Capacity building of potential/selected persons on basics of business development, handholding for first 90 days, review and reflections once a month.d. Identify vendors with support from procurement team to supply products and services.e. Market linkages of the products produced by small business including support in maintaining quality."	2
"ACCOUNTS FINALIZATION , GST RETURNS , TDS MONTHLY RETURN , Prepare Stock Statements Mandatory experience required is 5 - 10 yrs Key Skills : Accounting , Accounts Finalisation Salary: INR 3,50,000 - 6,00,000 P.A. Epf,insurance Industry: 2, Dairy Functional Area: Accounts , Finance , Tax , Company Secretary , Audit Role Category: Accounts Role: Accounts Manager Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Com - Commerce PG: Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization, MBA/PGDM - Finance, CA - First Attempt, Pursuing , Second Attempt, M.Com - Commerce, ICWA (CMA) Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	2
"We invite applications from recently graduated as well as to-be-soon graduating undergraduate (BTech/BE/BS) and Master’s students (MTech/ME/MS) for our AI for All Research Fellowship Program. Candidates who are passionate about building solutions for real-world problems of societal importance using the latest advances in AI are strongly encouraged to apply. AI for All Research Fellowship Program Wadhwani AI is at the forefront of building AI-based solutions for some of the most important problems of societal significance in several areas including 2, infrastructure, education, skilling, health care, and manufacturing. Our AI for All Research Fellowship Program provides a platform for the bright and socially committed engineering students to address societal challenges in under-resourced and underserved communities in India and worldwide with the power of AI. Our Research Fellows get unprecedented opportunities to understand societal challenges, develop highly innovative AI-based solutions leveraging the latest advances in AI, and roll out pilots with an eye on scale. Selected candidates spend 1 to 2 years with us. The program is highly competitive and is best suited for bright young minds who want to prepare themselves for careers in applied AI research and social entrepreneurship. Responsibilities: Research Fellows are first class members of our Science & Engineering team. They are expected to contribute to the projects at all stages - from understanding the uses cases to ideating to building solutions to rolling out pilots as part of a cross-functional team that believes in doing what it takes to have high impact in the domains we work in. Responsibilities include curating and transforming data, replicating results from research projects and adapting them to real world problems, debugging and optimizing algorithms with the ultimate goal of building innovative and effective AI-based solutions that get deployed in the field. In doing so, Research Fellows will work closely with customers, partners, and cross-functional teams spanning product and program management, researchers and designers. Eligibility: Students who have graduated recently or will be graduating by April 2019 in the disciplines of Computer Science, Electronics & Communication, Electrical Engineering or related areas with an outstanding academic record and demonstrated skills in any areas of AI including Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Speech Processing and Computer Vision are eligible to apply for the program. Candidates are expected to have excellent coding skills, a sound understanding of basic software engineering and good exposure to linear algebra, statistics and probability. Both undergraduate (BTech/BE/BS) and graduate (MTech/ME/MS) students can apply. Selection Process: Send your application with your CV with a short statement on why you aspire to work with us by email to careers@wadhwaniai.org. Subject line should be “Application: AI for All Research Fellowship Program”. If you meet our requirements, we will invite you to for technical test and face-to-face interviews. Candidates will be selected based on their performance in test and interviews."	2
"Educational Qualification (i) Graduate / Post Graduate degree from a UGC recognized University. Desirable : Officers with rural development background i.e. 2 Finance Officer / Rural Development Officer / 2 Officers converted to Mainstream of banking / Lead District Managers and Counselor leaders / Counselor members of Training Centres / Colleges with specialization in Rural Development etc. shall be preferred. Essential: (i) Candidate should have retired on VRS or on attaining superannuation with minimum 20 years of service of which at least 15 years in Officer Cadre. (ii) He should have worked as Branch Manager in any scale in a rural branch for at least 3 years OR as AFO (2 Finance Officer) in a Rural Branch for a period of 3 years. (iii) He should have unblemished record and possess satisfactory service certificate from the previous employer.(iv) Should be well conversant with local language. (v) Should have retired from Scale-II & above for FLCC. (vi) Should be resident of the same State, preferably same or nearby district. Age Limit Less than 65 years"	2
"Government job National Institute of Food Technology Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM) (Ministry of Food Processing Industries) 3rd Floor, AMDA Building, 7/6 Siri Institutional Area, August Kranti Marg, New Delhi – 49 NIFTEM requires Faculty : Professor : 05 posts ( one each in Food Science & Technology, Engineering, 2 & Environmental Science, Food Business Management & Entrepreneurship Development, Basic & Applied Sciences), Pay Scale : Rs. 37400-67000 AGP Rs.10000/- Associate Professor : 02 posts in Engineering & Management, Pay Scale : Rs. 37400-67000 AGP Rs. 9000/- Assistant Professor : 04 posts (Engineering/Technology-2, Management-2), Pay Scale : Rs. 15600 – 39100 AGP Rs. 6000/- How to Apply : Interested candidates should send their complete CV with prescribed proforma in an envelope superscribing the cover "" Application for the post of ……… "" at the following address :Registrar, NIFTEM Plot No.97, Sector-56, HSIIDC Industrial Estate, Kundli-131028, District Sonipat, Haryana on or before09/10/2012. As it is a rolling vacancy notice, it would be valid for the next months, and hence candidates can send their applications even after 09/10/2012 till 31/03/2013. Please visit http://www.niftem.ac.in"	2
"Applications are invited for filling up the post of Administrative officer on deputation basis: Administrative Officer General Service Group B, Gazetted. Pay Level: Level 7 (Rs.44900-142400) Number of posts: One Classification of post: General Central Service, Group B Gazetted, Ministerial Pay Scale: Level 7 (Rs. 44900-L42400) in pay matrix. Age Limit: The maximum age limit for appointment by deputation shall not be exceeding 56 years as on the closing date of receipt of applications. Place of posting: Northern Region Farm Machinery Training and Testing lnstitute, Hisar (Haryana) Candidate Profile: Two years experience in accounts, administration, establishment work Experience:2 Years Location:New Delhi Education:Degree of a recognised University or institute Company:Ministry of 2 and Farmers Welfare SALARY:Level 7 Last Date:30 Jun 2019 Company Info. Ministry of 2 and Farmers Welfare Government of India Ministry of 2 and Farmers Welfare Department of 2, Cooperation and Farmers Welfare Krishi Bhawan, New Delhi-110001"	2
"TEA RESEARCH ASSOCIATION NORTH BENGAL REGIONAL R&D CENTRE, NAGRAKATA Nagrakata – 735 225, Dist. Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, India Telephone (03565) – 272481, 272073, Fax : 91-3565-272059, E-mail:TRA.nagrakata@tocklai.net, Website :www.tocklai.net North Bengal Regiobnal R & D Centre, Nagrakata of Tea Research Association requires the following personnel for the sanctioned research project entitled “Development of new clones through integration of conventional and non- conventional methods of breeding for productivity, quality and stress tolerance” funded by XII Plan coordinated, Tea Board Project on tea brereding, Govt. Of India. Appointment will be made purely on a temporary basis for a period of 1 year or discontinuation of the project, whichever is earlier. The post carry consolidate fellowship / salary. No other allowances are admissible. One Project Assistant under Tea Breeding – XII Plan coordinated project entitled “Development of new clones through integration of conventional and non- conventional methods of breeding for productivity, quality and stress tolerance” on fellowship @ 15,000/- per month. Essential Qualification : B.Sc. Botany / 2. Interested candidates may send their bio-data so as to reach the undersigned within 15 days of appearance of this advertisement, in TRA website. Soft copy of bio-data may be sent to tra.nagrakata@tocklai.net or tra.nagrakata@gmail.com. Deputy Director (Research) North Bengal Regional R & D Centre Tea Research Association P.O. Nagrakata – 735 225 Dist. Jalpaiguri, West Bengal"	2
Location: Mumbai Qualification Profile: Phd or MSc in 2 ( Soil Science ) Experience Profile: 6-8 years of lab& field experience Job Responsibilities: Spearhead product development activities Recruit & supervise product development team Set quality control systems & supervise QC staff	2
"We are Looking for Internship for AG Corporations. For our 2 Department. Come Lets Discuss and See about the Opportunities & Growth Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹8,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	2
"Guru Nanak Dev University Amritsar Jobs 2019: 02 Assistant Professor Vacancy for Array Salary 30,000 published on 30th May 2019. On 30/05/2019, Guru Nanak Dev University Amritsar announced Job notification to hire candidates who completed Array for the position of Assistant Professor. . Vacancy 1 : Assistant Professor Qualification : M.Sc, M.Phil/Ph.D Vacancies : 02 posts Salary : Rs. 22,000 - Rs. 30,000Per Month Experience : Fresher Job Location : Amritsar Last Date to Apply : 14/06/2019Other Qualification Details: 1. Qualifications: a. Assistant Professor 2 (Agronomy) – Onei. Good academic record as defined by the Guru Nanak Dev University with; a) B.Sc.(Agri)/B.Sc.(Hort.)/B.Sc.(Forestry) b) Master’s Degree in Agronomy with at least 55% marks (or an equivalent grade in a point scale wherever grading system is followed) from an Indian University, or an equivalent degree from an accredited foreign university.ii. Besides fulfilling the above qualifications, the candidate must have qualified National Eligibility Test (NET) in the relevant discipline conducted by ASRB/UGC/CSIR.iii. Candidates, who are, or have been awarded a Ph. D. Degree in accordance with the University Grants Commission (Minimum Standards and Procedure for Award of Ph.D. Degree) Regulations, 2009 or the subsequent Regulations if notified by the UGC, shall be exempted from the requirement of the minimum eligibility condition of NET conducted by ASRB/UGC/CSIR for recruitment and appointment of Assistant Professor or equivalent positions in Universities / Colleges /Institutions.iv. A relaxation of 5% may be provided at the graduate and Masters level for the Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes/Differently-abled (physically and visually differently-abled) /Other Backward Classes (OBC) (Non-creamy layer) categories for the purpose of eligibility and for assessing good academic records during direct recruitment to teaching positions. The eligibility marks of 55% marks (or an equivalent grade in a point scale wherever grading system is followed) and the relaxation of 5% to the categories mentioned above are permissible, based on only the qualifying marks without including any grace mark procedures. v. A relaxation of 5% is admissible, from 55% to 50% of the marks to the Ph.D. Degree holders, who have obtained their Master’s Degree prior to 19 September, 1991. vi. Good academic record means atleast 2nd class with 50% marks in graduation level.b. Assistant Professor 2 (Horticulture) – Onei. Good academic record as defined by the Guru Nanak Dev University with; a) B.Sc.(Agri)/B.Sc.(Hort.)/B.Sc.(Forestry) b) Master’s Degree in Horticulture with at least 55% marks (or an equivalent grade in a point scale wherever grading system is followed) from an Indian University, or an equivalent degree from an accredited foreign university.ii. Besides fulfilling the above qualifications, the candidate must have qualified National Eligibility Test (NET) in the relevant discipline conducted by ASRB/UGC/CSIR.iii. Candidates, who are, or have been awarded a Ph. D. Degree in accordance with the University Grants Commission (Minimum Standards and Procedure for Award of Ph.D. Degree) Regulations, 2009 or the subsequent Regulations if notified by the UGC, shall be exempted from the requirement of the minimum eligibility condition of NET conducted by ASRB/UGC/CSIR for recruitment and appointment of Assistant Professor or equivalent positions in Universities / Colleges /Institutions.iv. A relaxation of 5% may be provided at the graduate and Masters level for the Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes/Differently-abled (physically and visually differently-abled) /Other Backward Classes (OBC) (Non-creamy layer) categories for the purpose of eligibility and for assessing good academic records during direct recruitment to teaching positions. The eligibility marks of 55% marks (or an equivalent grade in a point scale wherever grading system is followed) and the relaxation of 5% to the categories mentioned above are permissible, based on only the qualifying marks without including any grace mark procedures. v. A relaxation of 5% is admissible, from 55% to 50% of the marks to the Ph.D. Degree holders, who have obtained their Master’s Degree prior to 19 September, 1991. vi. Good academic record means atleast 2nd class with 50% marks in graduation level.3. Emoluments: - (i) UGC NET qualified: Rs. 30,000/ p.m. fixed. (ii) Non-NET qualified: Rs. 22,000/-p.m. fixed. (iii) For subjects where NET is not conducted by UGC or any other agency, Emoluments as per (i) above shall be considered.Application Fee: For One Subject - SC/ST/PWD (Rs.500), All other categories (including General)(Rs.1000) & For More than one Subjects/campuses (SC/ST/PWD - Rs.1000 & All other categories (including General) - Rs.2000)Important Date . 1. Opening date for on-line Registration of applications : 31.05.20192. Last date for on-line Registration/submission of application. : 14.06.20193. Last date for submitting the hard copy/print out of online application and supporting documents to the Registrar, Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar-143005 (Pb.) : 21.06.2019Note. 1. Candidates must have a valid Email-ID of his own, which should be active throughout the recruitment process. Candidates should keep checking the Inbox or even the Spam box of his/her Email ID regularly during the recruitment process as the University may send any important intimations on the University Website and/or through Email.2. Candidates should also check the University website regarding any updates during the recruitment process. Candidates should check their Email account for updates. GNDU will not be responsible for any loss of Email sent, due to invalid/wrong Email Id provided by the candidates or for delay/ non receipt of information if a candidate fails to access his/her email/website in time. Candidates are requested in their own interest to remain in touch with the University website www.gndu.ac.in. Issuance of notifications in the newspaper is not obligatory on the part of the university3. Persons already in service must apply online and send the hard copy of application through their employer. All those candidates working in organizations/institutions including affiliated colleges of the university may be allowed to appear in interview without “No Objection Certificate” with the condition that in case the candidate is selected, no extension in joining time will be allowed. Such candidates are required to give an undertaking on the format available on university website: www.gndu.ac.in. All such candidates will be given standard joining time i.e. one month from the issuance of appointment letter.4. Incomplete applications in any respect or hard copy of application received after the due date will not be entertained. Selection Procedure : 1. Written2. Practical Test How to Apply : 1. Online applications are invited for the posts of Assistant Professors (Contract basis) for Deptt. of 2 in the University. Online registration of application will start w.e.f. 31.05.2019 and end on 14.06.2019. Last Date for submitting Hard Copy of the Online submitted application is 21.06.2019. For further details visit University Website: http://www.gndu.ac.in.2. Candidates Are Required To Apply In The Online Mode Only Through Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar Website Www.gndu.ac.in. No Other Means / Mode Of Application (Through Post, Email, Fax, Deposit Of Cv Etc.) Will Be Accepted. Applicants Are Required To Take Two Printouts Of The Online Application Form. Affix The Same Passport Size Photograph (Which Was Uploaded With The Online Form) On It And Send A Copy To ‘the Registrar, Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar-143005’, Punjab Along With Self Attested Copies Of All The Certificates Of Educational/ Professional Qualifications (Degrees And Dmc’s With Conversion Formula Of Cgpa/ogpa), Experience Certificate, Reserve Category Certificate (Reservation Certificate Issued By The Competent Authority As A Proof Of Claiming The Reserve Category As Made In The Online Application Form) Etc. Keep The 2nd Copy With Him/her. FreshersLIVE wishes you all the best. Visit 'www.fresherslive.com' for all your government job alerts, current affairs, and to take mock test for various govt jobs."	2
"Sourcing Lead - (18006827) Description Purpose: The Sourcing Lead specialist provides the recruitment team with additional specialist support in the sourcing of candidates in order to meet business requirements. Develop a deep understanding of the 2 industry and/or functional market to suggest and build appropriate sourcing channels to attract the right candidates for particularly specialist and hard to fill roles Proactively build & manage talent pipelines that are linked to hard-to-fill and/or critical roles Optimize employer branding initiatives to position Syngenta effectively in the external market Accountabilities* Work closely with the recruitment team to provide support to specialist and hard to fill roles Support the development of sourcing strategies and channels, developing 2 industry and/or functional market knowledge, to understand and utilize the most effective sourcing channels Work closely with agencies, advising on key partners who can support recruitment needs Work closely with the Recruitment/Talent Acquisition Lead to provide support in managing relationships with vendors such as LinkedIn and local job boards, as well as evaluating effectiveness and negotiating prices for bulk buy options Develop a fit for purpose talent pipelining process for the EAME region, taking into account historical hiring data (hard to fill), and a good understanding of critical roles across the business Managing the talent pipeline database, qualifying candidates and tagging against relevant job groups Support recruiters in developing campaigns for projects or targeted recruitment activities Support any market mapping or identification requests, sourcing appropriate vendors to support or undertaking research as required Complexity: Creative problem solving to develop candidate attraction methods in potentially specialist, passive markets Ability to handle difficult to fill roles which have previously limited success and turnaround a successful outcome through extensive research and data analysis Varied job roles and types ranging from Finance, IT, Commercial Sales/Marketing, and Scientific roles Qualifications Deep knowledge of recruiting best practices and well versed in various sourcing methodologies Good knowledge of applicant tracking systems (Taleo) and CRM technologies Must be highly analytical Knowledge of the 2 market desirable but not essential Good knowledge of the North American recruitment market with developed industry or function networks an advantage Demonstrable recruitment and sourcing experience ideally gained within a global multi-national, highly matrixed, blue chip organization. Experienced in talent search / research methodologies High level of experience using CRM, ATS and other research databases for managing and searching for candidates Experience of creating bespoke recruitment media content which articulate Syngenta’s EVP and corporate branding Experience of developing talent pools and pipelines, speaking proactively to candidates and engaging them with the Syngenta brand Project management experience and experience of managing campaigns Excellent written and verbal communication skills Extensive experience of passive sourcing methods such as LinkedIn, headhunting, online databases, networks etc Proficient in Microsoft Office applications . Primary Location: India Job: HR Operations"	2
"We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours. Technical Operations Technical Operations is the maintenance, repair and overhaul division of United. The department includes aircraft maintenance technicians, engineers, planners, ground equipment and facilities teams, supply chain teams and more. Job overview and responsibilities The BMC Analyst is responsible for managing the pre-draw materials for Base Maintenance aircraft beginning 45 days prior to induction as well as reviewing any project material shortages prior to the 45 days. This position will also be responsible for monitoring and updating the Tocs system with tracking updates. Prioritize predraw to begin working individual aircraft 45 days prior to induction Determine where inventory is to be filled based on stock levels Update system to order predraw material and request orders be filled Expedite any predraw shortages with internal departments and suppliers Provide updates to Base Material Coordinator’s (BMC’s) at specific intervals prior to induction Update shortages in Tocs 5 days prior to induction. Report details of Predraw shortages with current status weekly to leadership Review all In-transit shipments for the BMC team in Tocs Confirm outbound/inbound shipments based on shipment method Update Tocs system with shipping/receipt details Project Liaison with IP for critical inventory shortages when we reach 10 aircraft remaining to complete a project. Coordinate with internal departments for all known shortages with a Drop Dead Date of the aircraft induction date. Report details of Project shortages to leadership weekly by fleet type and project This position is offered on local terms and conditions. Expatriate assignments and sponsorship for employment visas, even on a time-limited visa status, will not be awarded. Required AS in aviation management, supply chain, procurement, business or related fields or comparable work experience Comprehensive understanding of Supply Chain Planning and Management Strong communication skills Self-Motivated Engrained Continuous Improvement experience Strong people skills and ability to develop internal and external relationships, Strong communication and writing skills Proven ability to generate consensus amongst disparate viewpoints. Self-starter with high degree of initiative and ability to manage deadlines Strong project management skills with the ability to handle multiple priorities Analytical approach to problem solving, with attention to detail and a sense of urgency, working knowledge of SQL or other data query languages. Minimum 2 years Supply Chain experience Must be fluent in English (written and spoken) Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualification Reliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position Preferred BS/BA Degree 3, aviation, or Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) experience. Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT"	3
"We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours. Technical Operations Technical Operations is the maintenance, repair and overhaul division of United. The department includes aircraft maintenance technicians, engineers, planners, ground equipment and facilities teams, supply chain teams and more. Job overview and responsibilities The BMC Analyst is responsible for the processing of all drop shipments for United 3s. The processing will include Internal & External Repair Orders, Purchase Orders and Job Orders for the AOG team, BMC team and Procurement team. Internal RO/JO processing Coordinate with local station to ensure material was received Manage any errors/inconsistencies with internal departments and Supplier Ensure paperwork has been approved/signed locally for the material received Update Systems with data Maintain documentation Report details of RO’s/JO’s processed weekly to leadership Invoice processing Ensure all paperwork has been received and is correct Coordinate with internal departments any invoice errors/inconsistencies Update Systems with data Maintain documentation Report details of Invoices Paid & Invoices Discrepant to leadership weekly Invoice discrepancy resolution Determine the type of discrepancy (receiving, inspection, etc.) Coordinate with appropriate internal departments for assistance in resolving specific discrepancy Report details of Discrepancies closed and Discrepancies outstanding weekly This position is offered on local terms and conditions. Expatriate assignments and sponsorship for employment visas, even on a time-limited visa status, will not be awarded. Required AS in aviation management, supply chain, procurement, business or related fields or comparable work experience Comprehensive understanding of Supply Chain Planning and Management Strong communication skills Self-Motivated Engrained Continuous Improvement experience Strong people skills and ability to develop internal and external relationships Must be fluent in English (written and spoken) Strong communication and writing skills Proven ability to generate consensus amongst disparate viewpoints Self-starter with high degree of initiative and ability to manage deadlines Strong project management skills with the ability to handle multiple priorities Analytical approach to problem solving, with attention to detail and a sense of urgency Working knowledge of SQL or other data query languages Minimum 2 years Supply Chain experience Must be legally authorized to work in India for any employer without sponsorship Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualification Reliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position Preferred BS/BA degree 3, aviation, or Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) experience Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT"	3
"Travel Counselor - Gurgaon, CWT India - (19000206) CWT hiring for Travel Counselor in Gurgaon - Corporate Handling Your mission as CWT Travel Counselor is to Deliver the Perfect Trip so that CWT can sustain optimum results for clients and shareholders. You are specifically responsible for delighting the traveler/travel arranger, building commercial value, and strengthening the CWT brand in a way that balances the requirements of all stakeholders and positions our workforce as a key differentiator for our business. CWT is a global leader specializing in business travel management and our travel counselors know that teamwork and great results have no boundary. We are proud to have been named the most admired Travel Management Company and we are even more proud that we achieved it together. Whether we are booking government travel, advising on international security or establishing relationships with global corporations, we work as a family. We support each other. We grow as a team. And to us, thats what makes a world of difference. Lean about our travel counselor opportunities and start your journey. You delight the traveler/travel arranger Listen and lead the conversation to solve problems in a timely manner with all types of customers in all circumstances Connect with the caller to build trust and credibility even if the person is unknown Be a trusted advisor by offering informed and insightful recommendations which provide the very best traveler experience in each situat You build CWTs commercial value Sell products that are of commercial value to CWT and contribute to CWTs profitability Remain current on value we provide to each customer Adapt and change as requirements of the business change You strengthen the CWT brand Represent the CWT brand in how you work on a day-to-day basis Embrace new technology and ways of working that promote flexibility to adjust quickly to shifting needs of the business Build loyalty to CWT by ensuring consistency of service delivery around the globe in a way that compliments the unique travel policy of each client with interaction to make each traveler/travel arranger feel special Responsibilities Listen and lead the conversation to solve problems in a timely manner with all types of customers in all circumstances. Connect with the caller to build trust and credibility even if the person is unknown. Be a trusted advisor by offering informed and insightful recommendations which provide the very best traveler experience in each situation. You build CWTs commercial value - Sell products that are of commercial value to CWT and contribute to CWTs profitability. Remain current on value we provide to each customer. Adapt and change as requirements of the business change. You strengthen the CWT brand Represent the CWT brand in how you work on a day-to-day basis. Embrace new technology and ways of working that promote flexibility to adjust quickly to shifting needs of the business. Build loyalty to CWT by ensuring consistency of service delivery around the globe in a way that compliments the unique travel policy of each client with interaction to make each traveler/travel arranger feel special. Core responsibilities to provide customer service to our clients to make travel bookings. Provide travel options as per Client & CWT policy Reservation and ticketing as per CWT & 3 Guidelines Invoicing - Air, hotels, cars & Insurance Troubleshooting Make seat assignments and request special meals Follow up visa processing for customers Arrange non-air travel services such as rail/ferry/AEL tickets Handle hotel bookings (including those are not bookable in GDS) Hotel car transfer Offer assistance to team members whenever is required Help team leaders to compile reports for submission to clients Help mentor staff in the team Negotiating rates for FIT and groups with suppliers. Qualifications Requirements Experience in the travel industry in a similar position or in a customer service center Require minimum graduate (any stream) Proven ability to create domestic travel arrangements including air, hotel and ground transportation (at least 80% of transactions will be multi-segment, multi-destination domestic itineraries) Understanding and expertise in domestic travel requirements, i.e. visas, passports and immunization requirements; excellent communication skills and follow through required to advise clients of those requirements Ability to handle multi-cultural sometimes multi-lingual clientele English fluent: written and verbal Superior written and verbal communication skills (in person and on phone) Customer focused and service oriented Problem solver Results-driven Adaptable and motivated to learn Influence and diplomacy Proficiency in technology to research options and to complete process requirement Ability to work on GDS for booking air/hotel Customer handling skills Good verbal and written communication skills. Able to work under pressure Attentive to detail Visa knowledge Primary Location : IN-DL-Gurgaon Work from home : No Employment type : Standard Job Family : Travel Counselor Scope : Country Travel : No Shift : Day Job Organization : Traveler Services Job Posting : May 7, 2019"	3
"Our Company is searching for young, aspiring, motivated, ambitious & genuine MBA candidates with a specialisation in Sales, for our new venture. Job responsibilities will also include 1 and marketing to potential clients. Excellent communication skills are a must. Prior professional experience is required. Candidates with experience in Sales and Research, Marketing and HR will be given preference. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹32,000.00 /month Experience: Marketing: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	3
"Call hr 7669784066 Dear Candidate Greetings of the day This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew Ground Staff and Ticketing Executive Cabin Crew Responsibilities is to Welcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats Informing passengers of the aircraft safety procedures and ensuring that all hand luggage is securely stored away Checking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flight Serving meals and refreshments Job Types: Full-time, Fresher"	3
"Hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing Ground Staff Cabin Crew Maintenance Engineer Key Responsibilities Welcome passengers on board and directing them to their seats Providing Information and safety procedures to the passengers Checking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flight Serving meals and refreshments Selling duty-free goods and advising passengers of any allowance restrictions in force at their destination Reassuring passengers and… Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,077.00 to ₹41,419.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required)"	3
"QR21143 - Senior Airport Services Agent | Qatar Airways | Mumbai Organisation: Qatar Airways Job Function: Airport Operations Division: Mumbai - BOM Employment Type: Full Time - Permanent City: South Asia | India | Mumbai Last date of application: 07-Jun-2019 Qatar Airways Welcome to a world where ambitions fly high. From experienced pilots to dynamic professionals embarking on new careers, Qatar Airways is searching for talented individuals to join our award-winning team. We take pride in our people—a dynamic and culturally diverse workforce is essential to why we are one of the finest and fastest growing 3s in the world. We offer competitive compensation and benefit packages. About Your Job: The successful applicant will be responsible for providing quality service to passengers in respect to check-in, boarding, special services, lounges, and baggage services as per QR’s commercial and safety standards and procedures ensuring passengers and their baggage are handled in a consistent manner. Accountabilities: Act as the first contact between the 3 and its customers as well as stake holders and agents. Be visible to ensure that the highest level of service, products is provided in a professional manner. Ensure that airport operations meet QR’s standards, policies and procedures, satisfy local and internal safety and security standards and conform to aviation regulatory requirements. Monitor all Gates and check in activities ensuring the accurate, service oriented acceptance and boarding or passengers. Ensure smooth handling of customer service at the station. Liaise with ramp and GHA staff and support Airport services Supervisor in all areas. Brief GHA on new procedures and ensure that they are implemented accurately and fully. Ensures that the needed pre and post flight administration is conducted timely, recording efficiently all flight activities. Assist passengers in regards to entry requirements, visas and resident permits. Ensure passengers are assisted smoothly through airport facilities. About You: To be successful in this role, you must have trade or vocational qualification, with 3 years of job related experience in customer service in Airport Operations of a leading 3. Should have a working knowledge of the back end and check in systems, Ramp handling and all aspects of airport operations. Knowledge of Amadeus Reservations & DCS will be an added advantage. Candidate should have high energy and positive attitude which is necessary to perform well in this very high pressured and demanding environment. Successful candidate must be willing to work in shifts including weekends and night shifts and fluency in English (Oral and written ) is essential for this role. Note: you will be required to attach the following: 1. Resume / CV"	3
Hiring call - 7053423614Post-Interview for Cabin Crew Air Hostess - Mumbai Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai Amritsar Mohali Female AIR HOSTESSES AND CABIN CREW Handling Clients and passengers Pleasing Personality and Good Comm skills willing to travel on short notice for various leading domestic and international 3 clients and chartered flights Mail me your resume and full length photoshr tanyatomer gmail comHiring call 7053423614Job Roles Required Male-Female candidates having pleasing personality Good communication skillsHeight should not be less than 5 2 155 cm Age 18-27 YearsShould not be overweight…	3
"Helping passengers in getting their luggage. Checking the passenger's baggage coming in for flights. Booking and re-booking the passenger's flight tickets. Providing required knowledge about flight Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: Senior Management Role: Inflight Services /Operations Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Keyskills ground staff activities ticketing arrivals customer service airport call center airport operation ground handling hospitality job customer service training networking skills time management Flight Attendant Air Hostess Security Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Call for more information HR Department - 7428843037 Job Types: Full-time, Fresher, Walk-In"	3
"QR21178 - Airport Services Agent | Qatar Airways | Mumbai Organisation: Qatar Airways Job Function: Airport Operations Division: Mumbai - BOM Employment Type: Full Time - Permanent City: South Asia | India | Mumbai Last date of application: 07-Jun-2019 Qatar Airways Welcome to a world where ambitions fly high. From experienced pilots to dynamic professionals embarking on new careers, Qatar Airways is searching for talented individuals to join our award-winning team. We take pride in our people—a dynamic and culturally diverse workforce is essential to why we are one of the finest and fastest growing 3s in the world. We offer competitive compensation and benefit packages. About your Job :: In this role you will deliver excellent service at the airport, helping create a stress free environment for customers travelling with Qatar Airways. You will ensure passengers receive total quality service and adhere to the safety policy and security standards of the company. Accountabilities include: Delivering the highest level of Customer Service at all customer touch points Constant liaison with Check-in, Boarding Gate, Ramp, Cargo, Lounge. Supervising service partners’ activities for the smooth acceptance of passengers. Directing Arriving/Departing passengers to respective areas such as Arrival Hall, Transfer Area, Departure Gate, Lounge, etc Checking entry requirements (visas, residence permits) are met Coordinating with Cargo, Fuelling company, Baggage Make up Area, aircraft loading team, catering suppliers for a smooth turnaround Handling of company mail Performing pre- and post-flight administration duties Handling baggage claims Ensuring compliance with QR Safety and Security requirements. On Time Performance About You :: You will have a minimum High School education or equivalent. To be successful in this role you will require a minimum of 2 or more years’ proven experience in an 3 or GHA as Passenger Handling and /or Ground Operations staff, with a good knowledge of the Airport working environment. You must be proficient in Microsoft Office. Amadeus Reservations and Altea would be desirable. Must be willing to work shifts including weekends and night shifts. Fluency in English (both spoken and written) Language is essential. Knowledge of Amadeus Reservations & DCS preferred but not essential. Note: you will be required to attach the following: 1. Resume / CV"	3
"Interline- Experience in Testing-Experience in Test plan, test case design, create and execute.- Experience in Interline Module.-Experience in Automation and Manual- Experience in 3 Domain is must"	3
"(Urgent opening for Any under Grad/Graduated holders) Dear candidates, 1) Requirement available in Air Ticketing / Ground Staff/ Cabin Crew/ Air Hostess. 2) Qualification:-Any under Grad/Graduated (Freshers) 3) Vacancies:-10 4) Job Location: - Pan India 5) Experience:-Freshers 6) Salary: - As per Industry 7) Duty: - 8 hours CONTACT = HR MISS KAVITA SINGH= 08874107931"	3
We are Hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing Ground Staff Cabin Crew Maintenance EngineerKey ResponsibilitiesWelcome passengers on board and directing them to their seats Providing Information and safety procedures to the passengersChecking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flightServing meals and refreshments Selling duty-free goods and advising passengers of any allowance restrictions in force at their destination Reassuring passengers and ensuring that they follow safety procedures Call and whatsapp hr 9068128382	3
Dear Candidate We are conducting walk-in interviews for the position of Trainee Security Executive Customer Service Executive Ground Staff for PAN INDIA Basis NOTE Graduates Or Final Year Result awaited Candidates can only apply BE B TECH CPL Holder AME Qualified candidates will not be entertainedDepartment SecurityLocation PAN INDIAJob Title Trainee Security Executive Security Executive To perform all security related functions as given for 3 operations by the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security Screening frisking and overall safety security of the passengers their baggage Note Candidates…	3
"Job Summary Instalocate is hiring for it's customer service/ operations team. This role will give you an immense scope of learning. It includes interacting with passengers from all over the world and liaisoning with the top 3s like British Airways, Lufthansa, Air France. You will be directly reporting to the founders of the company ( Stanford and IIM grads). Responsibilities and Duties 1) Exploring creative ways of generating new leads. 2) Converting existing leads through email and phone call. This would include interacting with people from all over the world (Mainly Europe and USA) 3) Laisoning with top 3s like British Airways, Lufthansa to help people get their compensation. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications - Out to the box thinking to sell our unique value proposition to travelers. - Good command over the English language (both written and spoken). - An experience in the travel/customer service will be appreciated Benefits - Direct reporting to founders - 5 Days working - Casual dressing - Access to one of the biggest coworking space in India Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹200,000.00 to ₹400,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Language: English (Required)"	3
"Travel Counselor (Corporate Handling)- Gurgaon - (190000WZ) CWT hiring for TC/Sr TC Pune - Corporate Handling If your resume suits as per below mentioned requirement kindly share your updated resume at ljhingran@carlsonwagonlit.co.in Your mission as CWT Travel Counselor is to Deliver the Perfect Trip so that CWT can sustain optimum results for clients and shareholders. You are specifically responsible for delighting the traveler/travel arranger, building commercial value, and strengthening the CWT brand in a way that balances the requirements of all stakeholders and positions our workforce as a key differentiator for our business. CWT is a global leader specializing in business travel management and our travel counselors know that teamwork and great results have no boundary. We are proud to have been named the most admired Travel Management Company and we are even more proud that we achieved it together. Whether we are booking government travel, advising on international security or establishing relationships with global corporations, we work as a family. We support each other. We grow as a team. And to us, thats what makes a world of difference. Lean about our travel counselor opportunities and start your journey. You delight the traveler/travel arranger Listen and lead the conversation to solve problems in a timely manner with all types of customers in all circumstances Connect with the caller to build trust and credibility even if the person is unknown Be a trusted advisor by offering informed and insightful recommendations which provide the very best traveler experience in each situat You build CWTs commercial value Sell products that are of commercial value to CWT and contribute to CWTs profitability Remain current on value we provide to each customer Adapt and change as requirements of the business change You strengthen the CWT brand Represent the CWT brand in how you work on a day-to-day basis Embrace new technology and ways of working that promote flexibility to adjust quickly to shifting needs of the business Build loyalty to CWT by ensuring consistency of service delivery around the globe in a way that compliments the unique travel policy of each client with interaction to make each traveler/travel arranger feel special Responsibilities Listen and lead the conversation to solve problems in a timely manner with all types of customers in all circumstances. Connect with the caller to build trust and credibility even if the person is unknown. Be a trusted advisor by offering informed and insightful recommendations which provide the very best traveler experience in each situation. You build CWTs commercial value - Sell products that are of commercial value to CWT and contribute to CWTs profitability. Remain current on value we provide to each customer. Adapt and change as requirements of the business change. You strengthen the CWT brand Represent the CWT brand in how you work on a day-to-day basis. Embrace new technology and ways of working that promote flexibility to adjust quickly to shifting needs of the business. Build loyalty to CWT by ensuring consistency of service delivery around the globe in a way that compliments the unique travel policy of each client with interaction to make each traveler/travel arranger feel special. Core responsibilities to provide customer service to our clients to make travel bookings. Provide travel options as per Client & CWT policy Reservation and ticketing as per CWT & 3 Guidelines Invoicing - Air, hotels, cars & Insurance Troubleshooting Make seat assignments and request special meals Follow up visa processing for customers Arrange non-air travel services such as rail/ferry/AEL tickets Handle hotel bookings (including those are not bookable in GDS) Hotel car transfer Offer assistance to team members whenever is required Help team leaders to compile reports for submission to clients Help mentor staff in the team Negotiating rates for FIT and groups with suppliers. LI-LJ Qualifications Requirements Experience in the travel industry in a similar position or in a customer service center Require minimum graduate (any stream) Proven ability to create domestic travel arrangements including air, hotel and ground transportation (at least 80% of transactions will be multi-segment, multi-destination domestic itineraries) Understanding and expertise in domestic travel requirements, i.e. visas, passports and immunization requirements; excellent communication skills and follow through required to advise clients of those requirements Ability to handle multi-cultural sometimes multi-lingual clientele English fluent: written and verbal Superior written and verbal communication skills (in person and on phone) Customer focused and service oriented Problem solver Results-driven Adaptable and motivated to learn Influence and diplomacy Proficiency in technology to research options and to complete process requirement Ability to work on GDS for booking air/hotel Customer handling skills Good verbal and written communication skills. Able to work under pressure Attentive to detail Visa knowledge LI-LJ Primary Location : IN-DL-Gurgaon Work from home : No Employment type : Standard Job Family : Travel Counselor Scope : Country Travel : No Shift : Day Job Organization : Traveler Services Job Posting : May 27, 2019"	3
"Travel Counselor / Senior Travel Counselor - Hyderabad - (1900020A) CWT hiring for TC/Sr TC Pune - Corporate Handling Your mission as CWT Travel Counselor is to Deliver the Perfect Trip so that CWT can sustain optimum results for clients and shareholders. You are specifically responsible for delighting the traveler/travel arranger, building commercial value, and strengthening the CWT brand in a way that balances the requirements of all stakeholders and positions our workforce as a key differentiator for our business. CWT is a global leader specializing in business travel management and our travel counselors know that teamwork and great results have no boundary. We are proud to have been named the most admired Travel Management Company and we are even more proud that we achieved it together. Whether we are booking government travel, advising on international security or establishing relationships with global corporations, we work as a family. We support each other. We grow as a team. And to us, thats what makes a world of difference. Lean about our travel counselor opportunities and start your journey. You delight the traveler/travel arranger Listen and lead the conversation to solve problems in a timely manner with all types of customers in all circumstances Connect with the caller to build trust and credibility even if the person is unknown Be a trusted advisor by offering informed and insightful recommendations which provide the very best traveler experience in each situat You build CWTs commercial value Sell products that are of commercial value to CWT and contribute to CWTs profitability Remain current on value we provide to each customer Adapt and change as requirements of the business change You strengthen the CWT brand Represent the CWT brand in how you work on a day-to-day basis Embrace new technology and ways of working that promote flexibility to adjust quickly to shifting needs of the business Build loyalty to CWT by ensuring consistency of service delivery around the globe in a way that compliments the unique travel policy of each client with interaction to make each traveler/travel arranger feel special Responsibilities Listen and lead the conversation to solve problems in a timely manner with all types of customers in all circumstances.Connect with the caller to build trust and credibility even if the person is unknown. Be a trusted advisor by offering informed and insightful recommendations which provide the very best traveler experience in each situation. You build CWTs commercial valueSell products that are of commercial value to CWT and contribute to CWTs profitability. Remain current on value we provide to each customer. Adapt and change as requirements of the business change. You strengthen the CWT brandRepresent the CWT brand in how you work on a day-to-day basis. Embrace new technology and ways of working that promote flexibility to adjust quickly to shifting needs of the business. Build loyalty to CWT by ensuring consistency of service delivery around the globe in a way that compliments the unique travel policy of each client with interaction to make each traveler/travel arranger feel special. Core responsibilities to provide customer service to our clients to make travel bookings. Provide travel options as per Client & CWT policy Reservation and ticketing as per CWT & 3 Guidelines Invoicing - Air, hotels, cars & Insurance Troubleshooting Make seat assignments and request special meals Follow up visa processing for customers Arrange non-air travel services such as rail/ferry/AEL tickets Handle hotel bookings (including those are not bookable in GDS) Hotel car transfer Offer assistance to team members whenever is required Help team leaders to compile reports for submission to clients Help mentor staff in the team Negotiating rates for FIT and groups with suppliers. Qualifications Requirements Experience in the travel industry in a similar position or in a customer service center Require minimum graduate (any stream) Proven ability to create domestic travel arrangements including air, hotel and ground transportation (at least 80% of transactions will be multi-segment, multi-destination domestic itineraries) Understanding and expertise in domestic travel requirements, i.e. visas, passports and immunization requirements; excellent communication skills and follow through required to advise clients of those requirements Ability to handle multi-cultural sometimes multi-lingual clientele English fluent: written and verbal Superior written and verbal communication skills (in person and on phone) Customer focused and service oriented Problem solver Results-driven Adaptable and motivated to learn Influence and diplomacy Proficiency in technology to research options and to complete process requirement Ability to work on GDS for booking air/hotel Customer handling skills Good verbal and written communication skills. Able to work under pressure Attentive to detail Visa knowledge Primary Location : IN-AP-Hyderabad Work from home : No Employment type : Standard Job Family : Travel Counselor Scope : Country Travel : No Shift : Day Job Organization : Traveler Services Job Posting : May 7, 2019"	3
"Job Summary Mystery Rooms is a unique escape game concept and the fastest growing entertainment brand already operational in 18 cities PAN India. It is a challenging adventurous game wherein you race against time with a sole motive to get yourself out of a theme based room before time kicks you out. (www.mysteryrooms.in) *Work Location: DLF Phase 2, Gurgaon *Responsibilities and Duties -To manage bookings and customer queries. - Guide customers with relevant options. - Monitor movements in the backend department, complete the assigned tasks. - Manage the overall running of the center. - Everyday center reporting to the Branch Head. Note: 1. Candidates must be comfortable working on weekends. 2. Rotational Shifts: 11 AM to 8 PM and 2 PM to 11 PM. 3. Hospitality/3s/BPO/customer care sector candidates are more Preferable. 4. Only Male Candidate required. *5. Maximum Age limit is 28 Years Old. * Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 1. Communication and interpersonal skills necessary for Customer interactions 2. Proven experience of independently handling branch in the same industry 3. Graduated /pursuing graduation is a must. 4..Excellent in communication and multitasking Should be young, energetic, ambitious, pleasing personality, good communicator, growth-oriented and have a customer service mindset. Benefits - A chance to meet with Celebrities. - Can Play Free Games. - Attractive incentives. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: Customer Support: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Gurgaon, Haryana (Required) Language: English (Preferred)"	3
Dear Candidate Greeting for the day r We are Hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing Ground Staff Cabin Crew Maintenance EngineerKey Responsibilitiesr Welcome passengers on board and directing them to their seats Providing Information and safety procedures to the passengersChecking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flightServing meals and refreshments Selling duty-free goods and advising passengers of any allowance restrictions in force at their destination Reassuring passengers and…	3
Job SummaryRequirement for Ground StaffLocation VijayawadaCandidates with good interpersonal skillsRequirement for one of the biggest companies in the industryImmediate joiners will be preferredResponsibilities and DutiesManaging and Handling customer queriesChecking tickets of passengers before entranceGuiding customers in managing luggage related queriesObjection handlingStocking refreshmentsEnsuring safety of customers and passengersGuidance on take offRequired Experience Skills and QualificationsFreshers will be preferredQualification 10th 12th passoutsGraduates will also be consideredGood…	3
"Job Summary Qualification: 10+2, Any Graduate Age: Min. 18Years Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Internship, Contract, Commission, ... Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Fresher, Walk-In Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
1 Ground Staff And Air Ticketing Executive And Cabin CrewWe are hiring for Ground Staff And Air Ticketing Executive And Cabin Crew Education Skills Required Candidate both freshers and experienced with good communication skills require Candidate should be time flexible Education The only preliminary education for an 3 ticketing agent is a high school diploma 3s have their own training facilities that usually consist of a week or two of classroom training followed by on-the-job training by shadowing an experienced ticketing agent New agents begin by handling luggage and work up to handling…	3
"Freshers can apply for Domestic Cabin Crew / Flight Attendant (Male and Female) In flight ServicesJob Title:-Taking care of the safety and security of the passengers on board the flights and serve them. Age: 18-25yrs (Relaxed for experienced crew) Height: Minimum Cabin Crew / Flight Attendant (Male and Female) 155 cm(Females); Minimum 165 cm(Males)Weight: In proportion to height Eyesight : 6/6, Acceptable limit - +/- 1.5.Excellent verbal and written communication skills in both Hindi and English. Pleasing personality with an unblemished complexion and good body language. Regards, Vijay 8670603800 03222-226082 West Bengal Kharagpur Inda Sky High And Deep Waters Pvt. Ltd."	3
"The position needs to bring in clients (freight forwarders, manufacturers etc.) to use their 3 for transportation. The position must negotiate terms with clients and oversee network partners. He/she must maintain the profitability of the department while controlling expenses and maintaining customer satisfaction. Engaging in joint sales meetings and calls as required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹700,000.00 /year Experience: Aviation: 1 year (Preferred) Sales: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	3
"Job Description Dear All, We have an urgent opening for Admin Executive- Travel desk position at Anand Rathi in Goregaon location. Role: Travel desk Executive (Admin) Location: Goregaon East Exp: 2yrs experience in handling Travel desk and hotel booking. JD: Responsible for Hotel Booking activity. Responsible for Travel & Visa relation activity. Good Communication skill. Candidate should be from Travel domain only. Interested candidate can apply on veenamapuskar@rathi.com Thanks & Regards Veena Mapuskar Human Resources Development Salary: INR 80,000 - 2,00,000 P.A. Industry: Banking / Financial Services / Broking Functional Area: Travel, Tours, Ticketing, 3s Role Category: Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role: Travel Agent Keyskills administration admin executive Travel Booking hotel booking hospitality booking Travel Desk Executive travel desk officer Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile Anand Rathi Shares & Stock Brokers Ltd. Anand Rathi Group is one of IndiaÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s fastest growing full service securities firm. The services offered range from Wealth Management, Investment Banking, Corporate Finance &amp;amp; Advisory, Brokerage &amp;amp; Distribution in the areas of equities, commodities, mutual funds and insurance. With presence at over 180 locations, the Group caters to the financial needs of well-reputed Corporate Groups, Institutions, Foreign Investors and Individuals. In order to meet our growth plans, we are looking for young, dynamic and result-oriented candidates ."	3
"Job Summary We are a 25 years old travel company and looking for a experienced 3 tickets executive. Job for 6 days a week from Monday to Saturday. Good Knowledge of computers Documentation of bookings Experience in Travel Industry Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Key Skills: Travel , Air Ticketing , Air Reservation Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹55,000.00 /month"	3
"Immediate hiring is going on for Ground operation Staff to our Company. Applicants will be responsible for the services like safety of Passengers travelling, welcoming/greeting the Passengers, giving the information of travel timings, boarding time, booking passengers tickets, Managing their baggage, addressing the passenger's queries, assure security, and handling the day to day operational activities. Responsibilities and duties: - Applicant will be responsible for day to day operations at the airport. Receiving/welcoming the passengers in a pleasing personality. Helping passengers in getting their luggage. Checking the passenger's baggage. Booking & re-booking the passenger's tickets. Ensure Safety and security check. Helping the passengers to check in their baggage at the counters. Scanning the passenger tickets Supporting/helping passengers with all problems, including lost luggage/equipment. Required Qualifications and skills: - Mandatory qualification: 10th pass. 10th, 12th, dropped out, graduates can too apply. (Freshers are most welcome) Pleasing personality. Age limit: 18 to 28 years. Best communication skills. Required Language: English, Hindi, Bengali Basic Computer Knowledge is a must. Benefits: - Provident Fund is available Attractive Reward Cab Convenience Medical Insurance Extensive Incentive Lunch will be given Free trip/Flight tickets. Customer Bugs Overtime allowance is available Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"Working as a flight attendant for a major 3 provides plenty of contact with people as well as opportunities to travel. The air cabin crew of a commercial 3 share responsibility for the safety and comfort of its passengers. Greeting passengers as they board and exit the plane. Showing passengers to their seats and providing special attention to certain passengers, such as the elderly or disabled. Serving meals and refreshments. Checking the condition and provision of emergency equipment and information for passengers. Demonstrating emergency equipment and safety procedures. Administering first aid. Dealing with emergencies. Supplying passengers with newspapers, magazines and in-flight entertainment. Selling duty-free commercial goods and pursuing sales targets. Producing written flight reports after completing a journey. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹75,000.00 to ₹150,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"Our Company is hiring Young, Dynamic, Motivated, Ambitious & Honest MBA candidates with a specialisation in Healthcare Management with expertise in Food & Nutrition, for our new venture. Job responsibilities will include Data Collection, Research & Qualitative Analysis. Candidates should possess good Analytical skills & excellent Written & Verbal communication skills. Applicants with work experience will be given preference. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹32,000.00 /month Experience: sales: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: Master's (Required)"	3
"Job Summary We are a 25 years old travel company and looking for a experienced 3 tickets executive. Job for 6 days a week from Monday to Saturday. Good Knowledge of computers Documentation of bookings Experience in Travel Industry Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Key Skills: Travel , Air Ticketing , Air Reservation Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹55,000.00 /month"	3
"Mystery Rooms is a unique escape game concept and the fastest growing entertainment brand already operational in 18 cities PAN India. It is a challenging adventurous game wherein you race against time with a sole motive to get yourself out of a theme based room before time kicks you out. (www.mysteryrooms.in) *Work Location: Calangute, Goa *Responsibilities and Duties -To manage bookings and customer queries. - Guide customers with relevant options. - Monitor movements in the backend department, complete the assigned tasks. - Manage the overall running of the center. - Everyday center reporting to the Branch Head. Note: 1. Candidates must be comfortable working on weekends. 2. Rotational Shifts: 11 AM to 8 PM and 2 PM to 11 PM. 3.Hospitality/3s/BPO/customer care sector candidates are more Preferable. 4. Only Male Candidate required. 5. Maximum Age limit is 28 Years Old. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 1.Communication and interpersonal skills necessary for Customer interactions 2.Proven experience of independently handling branch in the same industry 3. Graduated /pursuing graduation is a must. 4.. Excellent in communication and multitasking Should be young, energetic, ambitious, pleasing personality, good communicator, growth-oriented and have a customer service mindset. Benefits -A chance to meet with Celebrities. - Can Play Free Games. -Attractive incentives. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) Location: Calangute, Goa (Required) Language: English (Required)"	3
"Job Summary 2-7 years of experience in Web Application Development using PHP / (MySQL, Mongo DB ) Expertise in PHP Core/Framework Coding.Sound knowledge and Proficiency in PHP programming based on OOPS approach.Should have implemented custom JavaScript functionality using standard JS libraries Experience of designing multiple table database queries on RDBMS like MySQL etc. Java script.Expertise in AJAX concepts.2 yrs min (current) of hands-on work experience in PHP & MySQL Excellent Communication Skills Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / 3s / Railways Functional Area: IT Software - System Programming Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Software Developer Keys kills Java script, MySQL, Ajax, PHP, Mongo DB, Web Application Development ,OOPS Web Technologies RDBMS Database Desired Candidate Profile Education-UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Any Specialization Company Profile: Aero Flight Technology (EROS GROUP INC.) Aero Flight Technology (AirTkt.com) a full house online travel agency is dedicated to provide best-in-class service to its guest customers. We are committed to bring you the most competitive online travel deals due to our negotiated contracts and associations with the 3s. We have been providing travel services with integrity and reliability for over 19 years and continuously strive for customer satisfaction. Our corporate office is located in Los Angeles, California since 1990 and we have international offices around the globe. AirTkt.com was established in 1999 and is one of America's most experienced online travel companies. We are proud member of ARC (3 Reporting Corporation), IATAN (International 3s Travel Agent Network). AIRTKT.COM specializes in last minute travel and offers the very best of both worlds the flexibility of BOOKING ONLINE 24 hours a day or with a passionate and experienced Travel Expert over the phone. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹400,000.00 to ₹800,000.00 /year Experience: HTML 5: 2 years (Preferred) work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Delhi, Delhi (Required) Licence: Core PHP (Preferred)"	3
"We are looking to hire candidate for Ground Staff Location: Kolkata The Candidates must possess very good interpersonal skills This requirement is for one of the leading companies Immediate joiners will be preferred Responsibilities and Duties The candidate should be able to manage and handle customer queries Should check all tickets of passengers before entrance Must Guide customers in managing all luggage related queries Must be able to handle objections without hesitation Stock up all refreshments correctly Must ensure safety of all customers Should help & Guide them on take off Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Freshers will be preferred Age : Qualification: 10th/12th passouts Age: 18years-32years Graduates will also be considered Good communication skills Good interpersonal skills Good Customer engagement skills Job Types: Full-time, Walk-In Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month"	3
r r Urgent Job Opening for Ground Staff- Customer Service Associate- 3-Air hostess- Reservation Ticketing Both Males Females Can Apply JOB DESCRIPTION communication is must but with below average communication can also applyStarting Salary - 25 k toEligibility Criteria Should be in a Age Between 18-35 YearsMinimum Qualification - 12th Job Profile A candidate is required to attend the passengers at different Airport counters during arrivals and departures of the flight Helping and assisting the passengers Freshers can also apply Interested candidate send me your resume and full size photographmail…	3
"Role and Responsibilities Good knowledge of ticketing. Must have handled both International + Domestic sectors across. Creation of PNR, Issuance, Re-issuance, Refund, Cancellation, Domestic Ticketing, Pricing & Packages. GDS Exp - Amadeus / Sabre / Galileo Good knowledge of City Codes / Airport Codes / 3 Codes. Should be comfortable in Rotational shift Experience in handling International itineraries, destinations, Corporate fares & 3 updates. Experience in B2B / Corporate Comfortable working for 24/7 shifts + Sunday working No night shifts"	3
Other information call Lokesh 7428843037 Dear Candidate Job Title Ground Staff- IGI Airport Terminal - 3 Terminal - 1Eligibility Criteria10 2 AboveGood Communication SkillsPleasing PersonalityWiling to work in rotational shiftsJob Profile - A candidate is required to attend the passengers at different Airport counters during arrivals and departures of the flight Helping and assisting the passengers Must be directly and fully responsible for providing effective and efficient services to all the 3 passengers Should be well conversant with the details of the arrivals departures and other commitments to be met during the shift like…	3
Job Summary We are hiring for Ground Handling Staff / Inflight Responsibilities and Duties Assembles cargo according to destination Deals with passenger enquiries about flight departures and arrivals Issuance of tickets to the passenger after confirming their reservations Issuance of Boarding Cards to bonafide passengers after validating their photo ID Tags their baggage to the correct destination after noting down the correct baggage weight CALL HR SHRUTI 9899306567	3
r We are hiring for-r I Commercial Role Of Ground Staff And Cabin Crew Includesr Ground Staff Cabin Crew Customer service Maintenance Engineer Operations To Provide all necessary information to passengers and make their journey easier and comfortable Welcome Passengers and Handling help desk counter Carry out check-in boarding and disembarkation procedures Promote and sell 3 products Ii Technical Role Of Ground Staff Includes Coordinating and managing staff around the aircraft during its stopover Draft and hand over the necessary documents for the flight to the aircraft captain Preparation…	3
"Job Description SOURCING GUIDELINES Look for candidates working in dynamic pricing / price structuring environment Candidates should be able to do market research, comparative studies, etc Look for candidates from 3, Hotels and Media companies (Zee Cinema, Star, etc) working in the pricing department MBA preference Price, negotiate and structure deals with the business development teams Build pricing scenarios on-the-fly to suit clients budget for critical transactions Develop sector specific knowledge using primary and secondary research Closely study market share and competitions pricing strategy to develop GTM offers for the sales team Based on market insights, co-create value proposition for clients in consultation with the national heads Formulate national schemes, idea print innovations and develop palatable price points Interact regularly with function heads, branch heads & vertical heads in order to support business objectives & highlight concern areas Share & implement pricing guidelines & best sales practices among branches to augment revenues Skills Required - Excel and SQL KRA - Directly responsible for sectors contribution to BCCLs profitability (yield) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹1,000,000.00 to ₹1,600,000.00 /year Experience: Price structuring: 3 years (Required) Dynamic pricing: 3 years (Required) Pricing Analyst: 3 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	3
"Good communication and Confident, Enthusiastic, Competent and self-driven. Responsibilities :- Handle all the walk in guests/clients Coordinating with the Marketing Department,Administration department and HR department Handling employee engagementactivities & HR activities. Making sure all the equipment’s such as coffee machines,ac, Fresheners, water supply are available and functioning well in office Receiving the Outdoor duty emails from all departments , organizing and Maintaining the attendance record every month and sending it to HR Filling important agreements and contracts Taking care of new joiners requirements like stationery,filling in the joining forms and also sharing the exit forms for resigned employees and submiting them to the HR Department Supervising the office boys and managing their schedules as well as attendance Arranging Hotel stays, car pickups and drops for the all employees visiting Mumbai or other branches Stocking up stationery and maintaining a list for office use Inviting and Handling the guest lists for events organized by our company Internal call management and outgoing calls record. Managing the Reservation for meeting rooms. Handling all Meeting Appointments for Managers and Directors. Coordinating on the food and beverage requirement of the management and other HR department events. Deciding and Managing priorities on tactical tasks lined up for Directors Preparing MIS report as per required by Management Manage emails, analysis the data shared by team Handling Interruptions, maximizing Directors time spent in strategic thinking End to end follow-up of tasks once assigned by Directors Administration Tasks and Responsibilities of company Office Correspondence by post, email, telephone Communicate Effectively on behalf of the Directors Database Management of office files, Maintaining List of Investment Folders Scheduling Meetings, follow up for MOM Travel Scheduling, including 3 Frequent Flyer Records and Hotel Points Records Qualifications Graduate / Diploma in Secretarial Course from Davars or any reputed Institute ReqID: 19010040 Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time Date Posted: May 24, 2019, 8:23:56 AM"	3
"Attend to customer telephone calls and resolve/respond as per set guidelines As one point contact, work with other internal department/teams to resolve customer queries/issues to meet customer satisfaction Assisting in follow up on the enquiries from customers Co-ordination with Shipping Lines / 3s Preparation and co-ordination of documents (BL/ AWB) Invoicing Customers and follow up on payments Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Preferred) Language: English, Hindi, Kannada (Preferred) Required Documents: Address Proof (Preferred) Aadhar Card (Preferred)"	3
"Role and Responsibilities Good knowledge of ticketing. Must have handled both International + Domestic sectors across. Creation of PNR, Issuance, Re-issuance, Refund, Cancellation, Date Change, Voluntary & Involuntary changes. GDS Exp - Amadeus / Sabre / Galileo Good knowledge of City Codes / Airport Codes / 3 Codes. Should be comfortable in Rotational shift Experience in handling International itineraries, destinations, Corporate fares & 3 updates. Experience in B2B / Corporate / SOTO ticketing background Comfortable working for 24/7 shifts + Sunday working Qualifications and Education Requirements Any graduate with good knowledge of ticketing. Any graduate / Diploma in Travel & Tourism / IATA Certified Minimum with 1+ yr of experience From travel industry only"	3
"only one whatsapp HR GAURAV .8510873863 * We are Hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing Ground Staff Cabin Crew Maintenance EngineerKey ResponsibilitiesWelcome passengers on board and directing them to their seats Providing Information and safety procedures to the passengersChecking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flightServing meals and refreshments Selling duty-free goods and advising passengers of any allowance restrictions in force at their destination Reassuring passengers and ensuring that they follow safety procedures… Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹19,800.00 to ₹27,600.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"Job Summary: - (Interview and process will be in Kolkata)** Immediate hiring is going on for Ground operation Staff to our Company. Applicants will be responsible for the services like safety of Passengers travelling, welcoming/greeting the Passengers, giving the information of travel timings, boarding time, booking passengers tickets, Managing their baggage, addressing the passenger's queries, assure security, and handling the day to day operational activities. Responsibilities and duties: - Applicant will be responsible for day to day operations at the airport. Receiving/welcoming the passengers in a pleasing personality. Helping passengers in getting their luggage. Checking the passenger's baggage. Booking & re-booking the passenger's tickets. Ensure Safety and security check. Helping the passengers to check in their baggage at the counters. Scanning the passenger tickets Supporting/helping passengers with all problems, including lost luggage/equipment. Required Qualifications and skills: - Mandatory qualification: 10th pass. 10th, 12th, dropped out, graduates can too apply. (Freshers are most welcome) Pleasing personality. Age limit: 18 to 28 years. Best communication skills. Required Language: English, Hindi, Bengali Basic Computer Knowledge is a must. Benefits: - Provident Fund is available Attractive Reward Cab Convenience Medical Insurance Extensive Incentive Lunch will be given Free trip/Flight tickets. Customer Bugs Overtime allowance is available For More Information Contact : - Shreya - 8697481434 (Interview and process will be in Kolkata)** Tags: - 12th pass, immediate hiring, freshers jobs, 10th pass, Fresher, Hotel, Company, good salary, any degree, Urgent requirement, walk-in interview, new graduate, logistics, part-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"Job Summary The candidate will be in-charge of teaching the Ground Subjects for Aviation, namely, Air Navigation, Air Meteorology & Technical. Complete training will be provided for the same. Responsibilities and Duties 1. Teaching ground subjects such as Air Navigation, Air Meteorology & Technical. 2. Conducting weekly tests. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications The candidate must have a background in Engineering or Physics. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: tutoring: 1 year (Preferred) Licence: Engineering, BSC/ MSC in Physics Or, B.Tech (Required) Language: English (Required)"	3
"Job Summary The individuals working in ground duty branch are often known as ‘ground crew’ or Ground Staff. They work at airports to keep airplanes running efficiently. From welcoming passengers to an aircraft’s take-off, airport ground staff and air operations personnel play a crucial role in areas such as commercial activities, 3 operations and the running of airports. The job of ground staff is vast and varied. Some ground staff work directly with the aircraft, cleaning it inside and out between flights. These people must make sure the ramps, runways and surrounding areas do not have any garbage or debris present that could cause damage to the plane. Ground staff also includes technicians and maintenance workers that are responsible for making sure the plane is in good working order before takeoff, as well as those tasked with cleaning the cabin between flights. Ground staff also refers to people who work in the airport terminal itself. Some ground staff are responsible for inspecting, storing and transporting luggage, while others stock the aircraft with food and beverage items that are distributed during flight. Some ground staff members work directly with customers to answer questions and provide information regarding flight times, delays and any general queries the customer has before boarding. Ground staff work with the aircraft, crew and customers to ensure each flight is safe and enjoyable. Responsibilities and Duties i.Commercial Role of Ground Staff Includes: 1.To Provide all necessary information to passengers and make their journey easier and comfortable. 2.Welcome Passengers and Handling help desk counter. 3.Carry out check-in, boarding and disembarkation procedures. 4.Promote and sell 3 products. ii.Technical Role of Ground Staff Includes: 1.Coordinating and managing staff around the aircraft during its stopover. 2.Draft and hand over the necessary documents for the flight to the aircraft captain. 3.Preparation of the flight plan, fuel, weather condition and other important information. 4.Management of take-off slots with air traffic organizations. 5.Management of the 3 network and fleet. Qualifications and Skills Educational Qualification: Under Graduate/ Graduate. Marital Status: Unmarried. Age Limit: 18 to 25 yrs. Language skills: Fluency in English. Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Fresher, Walk-In Salary: ₹16,000.00 to ₹24,000.00 /month Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"We are hiring for Ground Operation Staff on immediate basis....interested candidate needs to contact on 9073355609 Responsibilities and Duties Passport Checking Boarding Pass issuing Take care of luggage Ticket checking Guide the passengers Solve the problems of the passengers Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Minimum 10th pass (Male) Minimum 12th pass (Female) Freshers can apply Age limit- 18 to 27 years (Male) , 18 to 25 years (Female) Languages- English/Hindi Skills : Good communication, well grooming seance. Benefits Provident Fund ESI Medical Allowance Cab Food Accommodation Air coupon For more information call HR on 9073355609 / 8697802518 Tags - Airport , Freshers job, Ground staff, 3 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹14,500.00 to ₹19,500.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required) Location: Kolkata (Preferred)"	3
"SkillSet: unix, jira, soap, agile. Role : Test Automation Engineer Role Description : Transform testing into a continuous and efficient end-to-end quality engineering function through the use of quality processes, tools, and methodologies significantly improving control, accuracy and integrity. Evolve more predictive and intelligent testing approaches based on automation and innovative testing products and solutions. Must Have Skills : Automated Testing Good To Have Skills : Test Automation Strategy Job Requirements : Key Responsibilities : a: Responsible to own the Automation Testing for entire project b: Responsible to clearly understand the business usecases and create the smoke/regression test cases c: Responsible to automate the execution of test cases and ensuring the health of the test run in daily basis Technical Experience : a: Responsible to interact with other team stakeholders and make sure the test dependent activities are completed b: Responsible to train and educate team members and keep the team equipped with required business and testing knowledge Professional Experience : a: Good to have knowledge on tools like GIT,JIRA,MS XL advanced b: Working Knowledge on Agile Practice, 3 Cargo Domain experience c: Need to have automation experience with the SELENIUM/PROTRACTOR/SOAP d: Need to have working experience with unix usage,commands and shell scripting,"	3
"IATA Ticketing Agent Travix is one of the leading global online travel agencies managing an extensive portfolio of travel-focused websites operating under the brand names Cheaptickets, Vliegwinkel, BudgetAir, Flugladen and Vayama. All our brands provide both search and book capability for flight combinations worldwide. We operate our five brands in over 40 countries; employ more than 550 people with over 55 different nationalities worldwide. For our office in Bangalore we are looking for a full time IATA Ticketing Agent Your Responsibility Handle daily assigned fulfillment tasks such as ticketing, exchanging, refunding and voiding tickets in ARC and BSP within agreed service level. Liaise with and 3s & partners to resolve issues various topics such as: schedule changes, name changes and waivers. What you bring to the table Graduate or Post Graduate. Experience in the travel industry with ticketing. Knowledge of Amadeus/Worldspan and BSP and ARC is a plus. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English. Energetic and positive mindset What you can expect Paid training Opportunity to work in flexible working. Attractive rewards and benefits. Supportive team, international and friendly environment. Opportunity to develop Interested? Of course you are! Do you recognize yourself in the above profile, we look forward to receiving your application by clicking the “apply now” button."	3
"Job Responsibilities Evaluate and track business performance against various financial and non financial parameters Prepare sales review presentations and competition analysis Support customer service operations/escalations Manage mark ups and fare rules for the market Price bench marking and competitor analysis Collaborate with the marketing team for 3 promotional activities Creating competitive pricing strategy and price lists for the product line Define performance metrics, benchmarks and reporting requirements to satisfy business needs Streamline processes, increase efficiencies and reduce costs Identify and address gaps in content within the search results Managing group requests Desired Candidate 6- 8 years’ experience with an 3 or OTA in a Business Development and/or Analytics role Advanced levels of computer literacy with extensive knowledge of Excel, PowerPoint and Word Strong communication and presentation skills Should be meticulous & analytical in approach Ability to work under pressure Ability to work with senior management stakeholders – internal and external"	3
"IATA Ticketing Agent Travix is one of the leading global online travel agencies managing an extensive portfolio of travel-focused websites operating under the brand names Cheaptickets, Vliegwinkel, BudgetAir, Flugladen and Vayama. All our brands provide both search and book capability for flight combinations worldwide. We operate our five brands in over 40 countries; employ more than 550 people with over 55 different nationalities worldwide. For our office in Bangalore we are looking for a full time IATA Ticketing Agent Your Responsibility Handle daily assigned fulfillment tasks such as ticketing, exchanging, refunding and voiding tickets in ARC and BSP within agreed service level. Liaise with and 3s & partners to resolve issues various topics such as: schedule changes, name changes and waivers. What you bring to the table Graduate or Post Graduate. Experience in the travel industry with ticketing. Knowledge of Amadeus/Worldspan and BSP and ARC is a plus. Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English. Energetic and positive mindset What you can expect Paid training Opportunity to work in flexible working. Attractive rewards and benefits. Supportive team, international and friendly environment. Opportunity to develop"	3
"To prepare AWB according to the client shipment details/instructions. Aware about execution area & country wise. Familiar with INCO terms ( type of shipments in international trade) Familiar with Online / Manual Bill of Lading Documentation. Proficient in House, Master, and Switch B/L documentation, knowledge of AMS / FMC Tariff filing procedures. Maintain Proper Records for Documentation file them in an organized way Knowledge of 3s Tariff Atleast 1 year of experience required Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹18,000.00 to ₹22,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required)"	3
"Dear Candidates, We are hiring cabin crew for the premium 3s and the process is going on a priority basis. Eligibilty Criteria: HSC passed or any graduate. Roles and Responsibilities: Attending a pre-flight briefing, during which air cabin crew are assigned their working positions for the upcoming flight (crew are also informed of flight details, the schedule and if there are passengers with any special requirements, such as diabetic passengers, passengers in wheelchairs or the number of infants on board); Carrying out pre-flight duties, including checking the safety equipment, ensuring the aircraft is clean and tidy, ensuring that information in the seat pockets is up to date and that all meals and stock are on board; Welcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats; Informing passengers of the aircraft safety procedures and ensuring that all hand luggage is securely stored away; Checking all passenger seat belts and galleys are secure prior to rake-off; Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering passenger questions during the flight; Serving meals and refreshments to passengers; Selling duty-free goods and advising passengers of any allowance restrictions in force at their destination; Reassuring passengers and ensuring that they follow safety procedures correctly in emergency situations; Giving first aid to passengers where necessary; Ensuring passengers disembark safely at the end of a flight and checking that there is no luggage left in the overhead lockers; Completing paperwork, including writing a flight report. Job Summary Job Type : Full Time Job Role : Cabin Crew Staff Job Category : BSc/BCA/BBM,Analyst / Analytics,Logistics / Transportation Hiring Process : Face to Face Interview Who can apply : Freshers Contact Person Mr. Akshay 7428452707"	3
Ticket agents greet 3 customers help check baggage and assign seats on the aircraft These 3 representatives are responsible for handling ticket reservations cancellations alterations and informing customers when a flight has been delayed or cancelledEligibility CriteriaMinimum Qualification 10 2 Graduation Fluent in English and HindiAt least 155 cm tall with weight in proportion to heightWell groomed with a clear complexionMinimum age requirement varies from 18 to 35 yearOther detailsDepartment Air TicketingIndustry Aviation Skills Ability to Follow Directions For any clarifications…	3
This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of CabinCrew GroundStaff Aircraft Maintenance and Ticketing Executive This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew GroundStaff Aircraft Maintenance and Ticketing Executive Cabin Crew ResponsibilitiesWelcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats Informing passengers of the aircraft safety procedures and ensuring that all hand luggage is securely stored away Checking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making…	3
"Back office t computer t operator t Data t Typist t Entry t Based t Work t From t Home Online t Computer t Knowledge. Male t female t college t students t apply Interested Candidates can directly apply h Company Web site-- szindia.com Salary-14000 to 26000 per month For more details please visit our-Company Web site-- szindia.com Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Fresher, Walk-In Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"Experience – 0 – 3 years Education: Any Graduate CTC – Up to 3 LPA Industry Experience - Hotels/Restaurants/Food & Beverage/Ecommerce/Courier/Aviation/3s Job Description Responsible to take inbound calls and make outbound calls to the customers. Answer calls professionally to provide information about products and services, take/ cancel orders, or obtain details of complaints. Keep records of customer interactions and transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints and comments, as well as actions taken. Follow up to ensure that appropriate actions were taken on customers' requests. Refer unresolved customer grievances or special requests to designated departments for further investigation. Adhere to SOP, Quality guidelines set for process. Required skills Excellent communications skills (English) Ability to listen and active problem solving skills. Good interpersonal skills. Ability to handle pressure. Multitasking. Ready to work in rotational shifts. Candidates from catering college background and hotel industry are preferred. Should be open to rotational shifts"	3
"Position Summary In this role, you will be part of a 24/7 dedicated travel-agent support group working with our global customers, with the goal of delivering the best service levels for both technology and travel related support. You will contribute to the support environment by maintaining an organized workplace, follow office operating procedures, assist others when needed, keep current on systems enhancements and continuously promote and exhibit positive behavior both internally and externally Responsibilities Deliver prompt & consistently high-quality customer service to all stakeholders Assist our clients and traveler support team members on any form of communication between our customers & company. Examples may include help in finding problems with the booking tool, 3/hotel/ground transportation assistance in finding the lowest available rates, changes to existing reservations and exchanging tickets, understanding travel products and general travel services in response to identified, specific client needs by effective use and knowledge of the 3 industry, GDS and third-party technology. Escalates issues to Team Leads/Manager as needed to solve problems. As part of a 24X7 support team, will be required to work nights/weekends/holidays as needed Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Strong communication skills both verbal & written are a must 5 or more years’ experience in corporate travel Excellent GDS skills required Good time management skills and proficient with numbers Solid working knowledge of travel industry procedures Ability to work well under pressure Microsoft Office experience (Outlook, Word) Job Type: Full-time Experience: GDS: 5 years (Required) Customer Service: 3 years (Required) Microsoft Word: 5 years (Required) Business Travel: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English (Required)"	3
"Job Summary A cargo handler, also known as a baggage handler, is a member of an 3's ground-ramp crew and is responsible for safely loading and unloading passengers' luggage and other cargo from an aircraft. Keep reading to find out more about the requirements and benefits connected to this occupation. Responsibilities and Duties Stacking baggage on carts and making sure it gets to the correct destination may seem like the most important job a cargo handler has when that baggage belong to us, but a cargo handler actually has many more responsibilities than the average traveler may realize. A cargo handler generally works outdoors in all types of weather and may operate a forklift or a conveyor in order to move luggage, packages, bags of mail, and other types of air cargo. The safe and efficient work of a cargo handler is an often overlooked, yet important part, of the service provided by an 3. Qualifications and Skills Age must be below 27 Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Fresher, Walk-In Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Flight Attendant: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	3
"AIR TICKETING STAFF,GALILEO,Amadeus GOOD KNOWLEDGE, TOUR PACKAGES,GDS BOOKING EXPERT ,SALES {MARKETING}, BRANCH MANAGER . MINIMUM EXP: -1 YR Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹60,000.00 /month Experience: TRAVEL: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required) Language: ENGLISH (Required)"	3
"The individuals working in ground duty branch are often known as 'ground crew' or Ground Staff. They work at airports to keep airplanes running efficiently. From welcoming passengers to an aircraft's take-off, airport ground staff and air operations personnel play a crucial role in areas such as commercial activities, 3 operations and the running of airports. The job of ground staff is vast and varied. Some ground staff work directly with the aircraft, cleaning it inside and out between flights. These people must make sure the ramps, runways and surrounding areas do not have any garbage or debris present that could cause damage to the plane. Ground staff also includes technicians and maintenance workers Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹14,675.00 to ₹47,056.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required)"	3
Required Skills: Fluency in English is an essential criterion. Excellent Communication skills. Ability to work in a dynamic and challenging environment is essential. CALL HR 9557254495	3
Candidate Profile for FreshersWe urgent hirring jetairways spicejet air india Qater 3s indigo 3s other Language skills Fluency in English and Hindi Proficiency in a foreign language will be an added advantage Salary 20 000 - to 35000 - Huge Incentive as per experience Experience Fresher Experience Location PAN INDIA Age Between 18 and 37 years Minimum Height Men - 160 cms and Women - 147 cms Weight In proportion to height Educational Qualification HSC 10 2 Candidates who are appearing for their HSC examinations can also apply Physical features Pleasing personality clear complexion…	3
"contact HR 8295180053 ground staff Required There are many opportunities for jobs of Ground staff in the airports of metropolitan cities like Patna, Dharbhanga, Delhi , Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad,etc. There are also many vacancies in Jet airways, Indigo 3s, International 3s. Just post your resume in our website if the criteria is suitable to you. We gives you a good support for your successful future."	3
"CONTACT HR 9716098569 Responsibilities: 1.To ensure passenger comfort, the ground crew is responsible for all cabin services 2. Answering question and assisting passengers with various needs 3. Taking reservations and issuing tickets"	3
"Call hr 7669784066 Job Summary The ground staff are responsible for passengers service duties,which include the manning of check-in counters for departing the passengers, as well as arrival and departure gates. To ensure passenger comfort, the ground crew is responsible for all cabin services. Responsibilities and Duties Passenger service agents are hired by 3s to attend the customers before,after,or between flights . Answering questions and assisting passengers with various needs. Taking reservations, Issuing tickets ,Verifying passengers identification and printing boarding passes. Helping travelers to check in their baggages at ticket counters. Ensuring the delivery baggages. conducting security screening of passengers and their baggage may be requires as well. Qualifications and Skills Any Male or Female Age between 18-26 Good command over English 12th or Graduation completed. Must hold valid Pancard ,Aadhar card and Voter ID Job Types: Full-time, Fresher, Walk-In Salary: ?15,000.00 to ?18,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"For all the positions, the candidates need to send their applications to airbusindia.careers@airbus.com Customer Services Digital Solution (SD) is responsible for the delivery of Digital Solutions on Maintenance and Engineering perimeter, internally for Customer Services and externally to 3s, MROs and lessors. Example of solutions are Airman Web and Skywise Health Monitoring for aircraft diagnostic, PRM and Skywise Predictive Maintenance for predictive maintenance Schedule Maintenance Optimizer (SMO) for heavy maintenance optimisation, aircraft ground connectivity solutions for A320 & A330 with FOMAX and A350, A380 as well as 3 IT connectivity, e-Doc Browser and Airnav suite for documentation, Skywise Reliability Services for 3s to compare themselves to the rest of the fleet… Digital Engineering (SDE) is in charge of designing and delivering software solutions in collaboration with IM, DTO and other involved domains, from experimentation to industrialization, including evolutive and corrective maintenance. Methodology is evolving from a traditional V cycle and single agile teams to the SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework) methodology to be able to scale up to large development teams. Qualification & Experience: We seek out curious minds. We value attention to detail, and we care deeply about outcomes. We’re looking above all for passionate people, eager to learn, willing to share, establishing innovative ways of working and influencing culture change. Are you ready to share this exciting challenge with us? Bachelor/ Master Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, or relevant field with 4-8 years of development experience Strong coding abilities using JAVA and related frameworks Experience in rich web application development with React, Javascript, HTML5. Experience of server-side development, database design (SQL and NoSQL) Proven track record as software developer acting across the entire development lifecycle Experience in designing and implementing APIs, RESTful Web-services and SOAP-based Web-services Strong experience in test automation and test-driven development methods Working experience in Agile Scrum, SAFe and/or Kanban projects DevOps orientation, knowledge of continuous integration frameworks and some of the following products/tools: Docker, Nexus, Artifactory, GitHub, Jenkins, Maven, VersionOne, Splunk, ElasticSearch, Ansible, etc. Knowledge with Cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google) is a plus: building and deploying cloud solutions (AWS preferred) Knowledge of Aircraft systems would be a plus Test automation knowledge (XUnit, Jira Xray, Postman, Cucumber, Selenium) Advanced level of English French knowledge will be an added advantage Responsibilities: Designing, developing, testing, documenting, publishing, supporting and operating web applications Deploying highly available, scalable, maintainable, monitored solutions Implementing test automation covering multiple test aspects, like unit testing, functional testing, security testing, load and performance testing Developing, updating and use CI/CD pipeline to allow fully automated deployments of applications across all environments from Development, Q&A and Production Coaching, mentoring and enabling other developers This job requires the constant awareness of the compliance risks we face in day-to-day responsibilities. Continuous commitment to act with integrity with each other, with your communities, business partners and suppliers is the foundation of your success and sustainable growth. The commitment to integrity is supported by your adherence to all internal policies and procedures that govern business activities. Compliance with these policies will also protect Airbus reputation and brand, some of our most strategic and important assets. Success Metrics: Success will be measured in a variety of areas, including but not limited to Consistently ensure the on-time delivery and quality (first-time-right) of the projects Bring innovative cost effective solutions Achieve the customer satisfaction Ability to handle a subject from demand management, to development and support Ability to understand the business potential of applications and provide insight to clients Ability to scale the team, assess the needs and manage big sized teams Ability to challenge the needs of the clients and provide appropriate solutions The role will have the following key outputs: Strong link with the Airbus Customer Services Digital organization Strong link with Aircraft systems Proactive in providing guidance & inputs for the roadmap Business advocacy measures"	3
"Job Description Job Objective: House/Property Manager is responsible for overseeing the general operations of a home/bungalow. He needs to plan, coordinate, monitor and help in day to day home activities. Need to manage entire staff of the house (cook, Gardner, security, pool in charge, electrician, plumber) delegate work accordingly and handle the administration of monthly expenses, bills. Job Description: Managing the households schedules and calendars Event planning, organizing, and coordination Arranging appointments for personal and professional needs Scheduling home maintenance and repair work, and supervising the project Handling household bills and administrative duties Running errands and performing necessary tasks Supervision of other household staff, such as housekeepers, private chefs, security staff Shopping for food, supplies, and other requested items Detailed Responsibilities: 1. House assistants: Daily Attendance keeping, appointment, replacement arrangements Police verification, Reference checks Leave Management 2. Telephone/Mobile Arrangements of new connections, bill payment and activation/deactivation of services 3. Cook and Gardner Ensure availability of cook at all point of time and supervise the work of gardens 4. House Management Regular supervision at the residence to ensure smooth functioning Ensure fire safety norms installed, ensure all the civil work for the residence is done in consultation with the family and checking all the plumbing and gardening work Payment of monthly bills 5. Maintenance of different equipment at the Residence AMC to be taken for all the high value equipment and periodic service of all equipment and vendor payments 6. Vehicle Management Refuelling of vehicles, periodic maintenance of vehicles and up keeping of the vehicles (interior and exterior) 7. Guest Management/ Gift Management Arrangement for gifts based on occasion and coordination for listing out guests for gifts and ensure timely delivery 8. Party/functions at Residence Ensure all the required arrangements as specified by the family members Guest management to be done as per the guidelines given Behavioral Skill Set Required: Good Communication Skills (English/Hindi) Decision Making Skills Negotiation Skills Skills set Required: Very good written & verbal communication Good Interpersonal relations & team cohesiveness Problem solving & multi-tasking capability Planning and organizing skills Timely decision making The person should be from Dadar/Prabhadevi/Parel or Worli (nearby areas) Salary: INR 3,50,000 - 4,00,000 P.A. Industry:Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / 3s / Railways Functional Area:HR, Recruitment, Administration, IR Role Category:Administration/Facility Management Role:Manager / Sr Manager - Facility Management Keyskills AdministrationSecurityCommunication SkillsVendor PaymentsOrganization SkillsVerbal CommunicationFire SafetyLeave ManagementEvent PlanningVehicle Management Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile Wadia Techno-Engineering Services Ltd. www.wadiaengg.com Recruiter Name:ritesh sharma Contact Company:Wadia Techno-Engineering Services Ltd. Telephone:67339411 Address :raheja Point 1, Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru Rd.,, Vakola, Santacruz east Reference Id:Property Manager"	3
"Job Responsibilities: Make end-to-end travel arrangements for Domestic and International travel which include railways, airways, hotel bookings. Independent handling of travel help desk Handling international/domestic ticketing, visa/insurance handling Hotel booking/guest house for personnel on tour Co-ordination with internal employees as well as vendors Arrangements for seminars, trainings, conferences, and events Co-ordination with travel agents and 3s to book the air tickets on requirement of internal department And managing hotel booking and allotment of car to employee and guest. A travel executive will also resolve queries of customers regarding ticketing/reservation/tours etc. Requirements: Excellent communication skills Strong coordination skills Knowledge of travel norms, knowledge of visa, forex and passport related formalities Knowledge of ticketing and reservation Some experience in international ticketing Good knowledge of the internet. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English (Required)"	3
Dear Candidate Greetings of the day This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew Ground Staff and Ticketing Executive Cabin Crew ResponsibilitiesWelcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats Informing passengers of the aircraft safety procedures and ensuring that all hand luggage is securely stored away Checking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flight Serving meals and refreshments Selling duty-free goods and advising…	3
"SkillSet: scan, commercial, secondary research, consulting, operations. 1. Act as the central node for generating POVs/Thought Capital for Airport sector 2. Conduct primary and secondary research to develop POVs addressing the key issues/challenges being faced by the sector 3. Liaise with Accenture project teams (working with Airports) to ensure that the POVs/Thought Capital are relevant to the current challenges being faced by our airport clients 4. Scan the market for start-ups which are focused on technology innovations in the airports sector. Manage the relationships with start-ups and work them to create POCs for Accenture clients 5. Work with 3rd part technology vendors (established vendors focused on the airport sector) to create customized solutions for Accenture clients 6. Thought capital will have to be generated in the following areas (Illustrative, Non-Exhaustive) a. Creating physical touchpoints leveraging AR/VR across the airport will improve passenger experience and also increase non-aero revenues. b. Managing operations leveraging a digital twin will significantly improve efficiencies across the airport c. Leveraging Blockchain, Airports can share passenger information with other airports and 3s in a secure manner to improve the overall experience for passengers d. Based on the millions of touchpoints (and hence the data generated)with passengers across the terminal, Airports have an opportunity to deploy AI for developing unique insights both for improving efficiencies and increasing revenues e. Generating actionable insights from airport database or what changes should be made to make data actionable f. Benchmarking with leading airports Aerotropolis models, Airside processes, Metrics (throughput, non-aero revenue etc) Requirements: 1. Must be able to collaborate with client executives, research teams, and Accenture project delivery team 2. Strong business knowledge, understanding of a variety of business practices, and familiarity with the airport operations. 3. Must have excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to persuasively sell ideas. 4. Superior research and analytical skills to track and predict trends 5. Excellent report preparation skills Education/Experience: 1. Overall 3-6 years of experience 2. Consulting or Operational/Commercial experience with Airports 3. MBA degree preferred Experience: 3-6 years of progressive business and consulting experience.,"	3
"Airport Manager Hiring Freshers Cargo Supervisor and Loader Staffs For Kolkata. Hiring 3s Companies: Spicejet, Indigo, JetAirways, Vistarta...etc. Job Location: - Kolkata and Bhubaneswar Responsibilities and Duties Cargo Supervisor and Loader Staffs. Responsibilities and Duties CARGO DEPARTMENT: Only Male Can Apply. Qualification: - 12th Pass and Above, 10th Pass Candidates Can Apply For Loader. Age- 18 Years to 35 Years. Salary- 16,500/- to 26,500/- Per Month. Must be Physically Fit and free from any disease. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Fresher, Walk-In Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"Job Summary: - Immediate hiring is going on for Ground operation Staff to our Company. Applicants will be responsible for the services like safety of Passengers travelling, welcoming/greeting the Passengers, giving the information of travel timings, boarding time, booking passengers tickets, Managing their baggage, addressing the passenger's queries, assure security, and handling the day to day operational activities. Responsibilities and duties: - Applicant will be responsible for day to day operations at the airport. Receiving/welcoming the passengers in a pleasing personality. Helping passengers in getting their luggage. Checking the passenger's baggage. Booking and re-booking the passenger's tickets. Ensure Safety and security check. Helping the passengers to check in their baggage at the counters. Scanning the passenger tickets Supporting/helping passengers with all problems, including lost luggage/equipment. Required Qualifications and skills: - Mandatory qualification: 10th pass. 10th, 12th, dropped out, graduates can too apply. (Freshers are most welcome) Pleasing personality. Age limit: 18 to 28 years. Best communication skills. Required Language: English, Hindi, Bengali Basic Computer Knowledge is a must. Benefits: - Provident Fund is available Attractive Reward Cab Convenience Medical Insurance Extensive Incentive Lunch will be given Free trip/Flight tickets. Customer Bugs Overtime allowance is available For More Information Contact : - Shreya - 8697481434 Tags: - 12th pass, immediate hiring, freshers jobs, 10th pass, Fresher, Hotel, Company, good salary, any degree, Urgent requirement, walk-in interview, new graduate, logistics, part-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: ?25,000.00 to ?40,000.00 /month Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred) 30+ days ago - Is there a problem with this job? Call and whatsapp hr 9717574106"	3
Job DesciptionHiring for International 3s CHAT Process Excellent opportunity to work with a reputed 3 processContact Person - Shehzeen ShaikhContact Number - 9167012202Eligiblity Criteria - Should be flexible working in 24 7 rotational shifts and rotational week offs - Undergraduates Graduates can apply - Chat Exp Mandatory- Excellent verbal communication English - Should be within Transport Boundary Transport Bounderies CST to vashi Harbour CST to Thane central Churchgate to Mira Road western Thane to Turbe Trans Harbour Line Interested candidates can walk in for an interview from…	3
Dear Candidate Greetings of the day This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew Ground Staff and Ticketing Executive Cabin Crew ResponsibilitiesWelcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats Informing passengers of the aircraft safety procedures and ensuring that all hand luggage is securely stored away Checking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flight Serving meals and refreshments Selling duty-free goods and advising…	3
"Looking for Airport Ground Staff, Graduates / Undergraduates both can apply. A candidate is required to attend the passengers at different Airport counters during arrivals and departures of the flight. Helping and assisting the passengers , Freshers can also apply. CONTACT HR 9716098569"	3
Greeting of the dayAircraft Maintenance Technician or Aeronautical EngineerSkill Set Aerospace Engineering Aircraft Maintenance 3s Required Aircraft Maintenance Technicians or Aeronautical Engineer for India or Overseas Freshers as well as Experienced Technicians or EngineerSalary Package Best in Industry other benefitsJob Duties of Aircraft Maintenance Technician MechanicMaintenance experience required on Heavy and Light Aircraft sClean Refuel and change oil in the service aircraft Check for corrosion distortion and invisible cracks in the fuselage wings and tail using x-ray and magnetic…	3
"Job Description Job Description Under general supervision, a Global Procurement Contributor Sourcing Analyst assists and supports a specific area of supply chain management, e.g., procurement, contracting, sourcing, supplier relationship management, and process development. Depending on the Analyst’s level of experience, s/he will be asked to process contracts and purchase agreements for a given category or sub-category. S/he is expected to apply existing technology, procedures, principles, and analytical rules to routine assignments. An Analyst works closely with business partners to ensure timely delivery of appropriate solutions and solves problems which typically require the application of technical knowledge, concepts, principles, and analytical rules. Excellent written and verbal communications skills required to partner with and lead internal and external Business Partners to successful procurement of goods and services. Job Responsibilities General - Demonstrates full requirements of the functional area, exercises judgment within defined practices to determine appropriate action. Applies fundamental skills, concepts, practices and procedures to complete moderate to difficult assignments, refers more complex issues to higher levels. Works under general supervision with few direct instructions, decisions are frequently reviewed. Understands decisions and actions have impact on success of team or department. Specific - Possesses a collaborative, and relentless approach to process improvement and ability to work with category leads and business partners to achieve best in class results, specifically in areas of cost, cycle time throughput, and customer service Basic ability to support category leads in category strategy by assisting with data, and contract information on ad-hoc basis Provides assistance with operational service and support when needed Proficient at scheduling and executing daily tasks needed to provide high-quality level of service and meet timelines Active participant in Procurement Operations projects and initiatives, and focuses on providing process improvement techniques at a basic level Develop working relationships that motivate suppliers to deliver required level of service and to facilitate swift and effective resolution of issues, through basic supplier performance management techniques Job Requirements Education & Experience Undergraduate degree in Supply Chain Management, or related Business field 1-2 years professional work experience – including use of Supply Chain / Procurement systems Awareness of supply chain management processes Good analytic skills, ability to understand strategies and business-related concepts Awareness of financial indicators and ability to perform sound economic analysis Good organizational and time management skills Ability to contribute strategically to the broader needs and goals of the organization, as well as drive superior performance through hands-on, day-to-day management Ability to handle multiple project simultaneously Ability to expand role and take on more responsibility over time, and possesses natural leadership tendencies Must be self-motivated and fully aware of the implications of his/her actions Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to promote highly ethical practice of the Procurement function Sabre Corporation is the leading technology provider to the global travel industry. Sabre’s software, data, mobile and distribution solutions are used by hundreds of 3s and thousands of hotel properties to manage critical operations, including passenger and guest reservations, revenue management, flight, network and crew management. Sabre also operates a leading global travel marketplace, which processes more than US$120 billion of global travel spend annually by connecting travel buyers and suppliers. Headquartered in Southlake, Texas, USA, Sabre serves customers in more than 160 countries around the world."	3
"Post - G.R.E, P.S.A,C.S.A,Loader / Cargo Supervisor Criteria needed : - Qualification : 10 pass and above Experience : Fresher Skills : Good communication skill , Age : 18 to 35 years ( for male ) 18 to 30 years ( for female ) Salary : 17,000 to 40,000/- per month WALKING INTERVIEW IS GOING ON CALL HR SHRUTI 9899306567"	3
Greetings from Aviation Express This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew Ground Staff Aircraft Maintenance and Ticketing Executive Ticket agents work at an 3s ticket or baggage counter They greet customers when they arrive at the airport They check in luggage and make seat assignments They also handle 3 ticket sales reservation changes and provide information on aircraft boarding Cabin Crew ResponsibilitiesWelcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats Informing passengers of the aircraft safety procedures…	3
Role and Responsibilities Account reconciliation of Corporate Clients Ensure Timely payment to vendors BSP Reconciliation / BSP Accounting Generating / Preparing Bills & invoices for respective 3s / travel agents Handling reconciliation of 3s GDS/LCC & Pay to 3 Deposit. Client follow up Good in Excel formulas Qualifications and Education Requirements Any Graduate - Any Specialization Preferred Skills Preferred male candidate only & from travel background Need to have excellent communication skills. Have worked in software like ERP / Navision Atleast 2+ yrs of experience in the same.	3
"Job Description Under direct supervision, provides customer service and account management to medium and large accounts. The position is responsible for Customer Service, Contract Management, Billing, Reporting and Ordering tasks. Job tasks include but are not limited to: building strong relationships with customers, acting as main point of contact to address questions, issues and provide assistance via phone or e-mail, performing contract analysis and quality controls, system setups, manual billing, portfolio preparation, invoicing, payment process, regular and ad-hoc reporting, new account creation/deletion, product and TA ordering, and product advocacy. Job Requirements EDUCATION: Please contact your Human Resources Representative. EXPERIENCE: Minimum 1 year experience. Proficient computer software skills. Good written and verbal communication skills. Sabre Corporation is the leading technology provider to the global travel industry. Sabre’s software, data, mobile and distribution solutions are used by hundreds of 3s and thousands of hotel properties to manage critical operations, including passenger and guest reservations, revenue management, flight, network and crew management. Sabre also operates a leading global travel marketplace, which processes more than US$120 billion of global travel spend annually by connecting travel buyers and suppliers. Headquartered in Southlake, Texas, USA, Sabre serves customers in more than 160 countries around the world."	3
r 1 Participate in various optimization algorithm developments required time to time r 2 Implementation of software architecture by software programming using techniques of optimization tools of math programming such as MATLAB r 3 Software programming to ensure interaction within existing ERP database business logic presentation tier and variousoptimization solvers r 4 Undertake training of subordinate software engineers and testers r 5 Adhering to documentation control standards and processes maintaining high standards of quality will be a key requirementr 6 Continued R D on latest development…	3
Dear Candidate Greetings of the day This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew Ground Staff Aircraft Maintenance and Ticketing Executive Cabin Crew ResponsibilitiesWelcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats Informing passengers of the aircraft safety procedures and ensuring that all hand luggage is securely stored away Checking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements of behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flight Serving meals and refreshments Selling duty-free…	3
"CONTACT HR 9557254495 Responsibilities: 1.To ensure passenger comfort, the ground crew is responsible for all cabin services 2. Answering question and assisting passengers with various needs 3. Taking reservations and issuing tickets"	3
"Follow up with Existing Clientage to ensure that collections are done on time. Work closely with corporate clients and ensure that services are being given within the the prescribed credit limit. Work in coordination with Sales and operation teams Salary: INR 2,50,000 - 5,00,000 P.A. Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / 3s / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role: Operations Executive Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Job Type: Full-time"	3
"Job Description Supervises a team responsible for contract management, billing and payments, ordering, commercial contract issues, administration of licensing agreements including renewal, new business, invoicing, credit holds, receivable issues and consolidations. Clearly communicates goals and leads to results. Anticipates problems and initiates actions to ensure customer orders are processed efficiently. Provides guidance within established company policies. Resolves issues and interfaces with appropriate levels of senior management. Job Requirements EDUCATION: Please contact your Human Resources Representative. EXPERIENCE: Minimum 5 years related experience; prior supervisory experience preferred. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Ability to lead team and to delegate to subordinates. Sabre Corporation is the leading technology provider to the global travel industry. Sabre’s software, data, mobile and distribution solutions are used by hundreds of 3s and thousands of hotel properties to manage critical operations, including passenger and guest reservations, revenue management, flight, network and crew management. Sabre also operates a leading global travel marketplace, which processes more than US$120 billion of global travel spend annually by connecting travel buyers and suppliers. Headquartered in Southlake, Texas, USA, Sabre serves customers in more than 160 countries around the world."	3
"Looking for Airport Ground Staff, Graduates / Undergraduates both can apply. A candidate is required to attend the passengers at different Airport counters during arrivals and departures of the flight. Helping and assisting the passengers , Freshers can also apply. CALL HR 9716875425"	3
"Profession: Facilities Services Work Location: Middle East, India & Africa-Lebanon-Beirut Schedule:Full-time Description ABOUT US Welcome to SITA... We lead one of the most exciting and advanced industries on earth. Around the world, nearly every passenger flight relies on SITA technology, almost every airport and 3 does business with us, and it’s our job to support their operations. As the world's leading air transport IT and communications specialist, we’re committed to meeting the demands of the air transport industry around the clock, every day. Our Vision: Easy air travel every step of the way WHY SHOULD YOU BE INTERESTED? With us there are no limits for people looking to explore the edges of possibility and beyond. Together, we Go.Far. Challenge: Our people take on some of the biggest challenges in our industry. They aren't afraid to think bigger, work harder and deliver smarter solutions that are continuously transforming air travel. Opportunity: Taking on these challenges opens up a world of opportunities for our people. We make sure they have the chance to develop their skills, explore new horizons and grow their careers on a global scale. At SITA we believe that creating and nurturing an inclusive culture is about who we are as an organisation, and as an employer. Diversity is more than a target to us, it’s a key part out of our collective identity and values. THE ROLE To manage SITA Corporate Services (CS) Operational Budget and Business Performance. To ensure that proper financial governance is respected in all CS financial matters (Budgeting, Business casing, Monthly Reporting, Forecasting). To manage the relationship with Central Finance and act as a SPOC for all CS financial matters. Be the advisory and validation point to CS staff for their budget performance, cost savings initiatives, contract renegotiations, etc... Develop and Implement various financial templates to simplify Business Cases discussions and ensure proper alignment with other departments Conduct internal benchmarking of our major cost elements, challenge and raise discrepancies Managing the Operational budget business performance Analyse monthly financial reports and produce a deep-dive detailed analysis of the variances; seek explanations and propose corrective actions for a proper reforecast. Provide monthly expenditure reports to the Facilities Managers and answer any question or clarifications they may need on the contents aligned to the financial business partner of the division. Monitor and resolve issues and errors in monthly reporting and secure the good understanding of the budget owners of their costs and cost variances Assist the site and facilities managers in the preparation and validation of the financial analysis for business cases submissions acting in full alignment with the business finance team. Liaise with the appropriate finance and accounting teams to solve payments, recording or accounting issues and discuss system improvements Coordinate the division budget and forecast preparation acting in between central finance and the Site & Facilities Managers Liaise with various financial bodies to provide input to the S&F team on various questions, processes and financial related policies. Liaise with various financial bodies and advise S&F Managers on financial matters (charge capex/opex, how to solve system issues, SFS, project costs. Ensure that Project costs are respected and analyses project closure actuals with budgeted costs. Coordinate Project costs budget and forecast. Assist in establishing a more accurate project costing estimation based on closed projects costs performance. Qualifications EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS Several years of experience in a Facilities function in a large national or multi-national organization including supervisory experience related to the financial performance of the function. Fundamental knowledge of SITA’s internal financial process and systems. Good knowledge SITA Corporate Services organization structure and SITA finance organization. Experience with lease management and supplier’s contract management. Good knowledge of SITA business case model and approval process. Knowledgeable in using CAFM/Archibus. Able to work with global teams and across multiple regions. Knowledge about financial systems and models. Good mastering of MS office tools and Excel in particular PROFESSION & CORE COMPETENCIES Financial Acumen Results Orientation Communication – Written and Verbal Creating & Innovating Developing Talent Impact & Influence Leading Execution EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS Professional diploma / Degree in Business Administration or Finance Administration required. If you apply, we will review your fit against the position criteria and feedback to you. If your profile does not meet the criteria, we will retain your profile as an active applicant for future consideration. If you need direct support, you can contact me on urvashi.sharma@sita.aero. #LI-US1 Job Posting: May 17, 2019, 4:37:21 AM"	3
CONTACT HR 9716098569 The job of ground staff is vast and varied They have to perform various works from commercial to technical handling for safe and steady departure and arrival of an aircraft They work at airports to keep airplanes running efficiently From welcoming passengers to an aircraft take-off airport ground staff and air operations personnel play a crucial role in areas such as commercial activities 3 operations and the running of airports Ground staff work sInside the airport terminal Checking passengers in for flightsRe-routing or re-booking passengers whose flights have been cancelled or delayedAssisting…	3
"3 Allied Services Limited invites applications from Indian Nationals/Ex-Patriates for filling up of following vacancies Sr. Trainee Pilots (Trainee P1) No. of Vacancies: 20 Place of postings: Delhi, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Chennai, Vishakhapatnam, Jaipur Academic Qualifications: 10+2 (With Physics & Maths) from a recognized Board,University. Upper Age limit: 53 years Experience:0-5 Years Location:Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Hyderabad Mumbai Chennai Vishakhapatnam Jaipur Education:10+2 (With Physics & Maths) Company:3 Allied Services Limited Last Date:13 Nov 2019"	3
"We are seeking Travel Counselors/Consultants whose duties will include serving the pilgrims going to Hajj & Umrah from US, UK, Canada, Guyana. Education: Bachelors would be preferred *: Planning and booking domestic and international travel itineraries to include computerized 3 ticketing Knowledge and Skills: Minimum of 1+ years’ experience REQUIRED GDS system experience is REQUIRED (SABRE, Apollo, or Amadeus) Strong knowledge of international fare construction and 3 routing principles including tax rates Should be aware of Sales techniques Possess good communication skills with the ability to effectively and clearly articulate with travelers Use knowledge and all available resources, including tools and peer network, to effectively, thoroughly and sometimes creatively, resolve traveler's issue Ability to: To sell travel programs/products Sell travel products Communicate effectively in the work environment and with the public Perform basic mathematical calculations including percentages to complete travel sales transactions Solicit travel client prospects Always operate with a sense of urgency and interest and convey that to the traveler with their actions Be highly productive Must be open to feedback and work well in a new learning environment Be self-motivated and demonstrate initiative with a strong commitment to goals, objectives and work ethic Timings: Full-time Monday – Saturday 7.30 PM – 4.30 AM IST/India Location: Hyderabad, India Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹500,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Hyderabad, Telangana (Required) Licence: IATA (Required) Language: English (Required) Shifts: Graveyard (Required) Evening (Required) Required Documents: Aadhar Card (Required)"	3
Dear Candidate Greetings of the day This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew Ground Staff Aircraft Maintenance and Ticketing Executive Cabin Crew ResponsibilitiesWelcoming passengers on board and directing them to their seats Informing passengers of the aircraft safety procedures and ensuring that all hand luggage is securely stored away Checking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements of behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flight Serving meals and refreshments Selling duty-free…	3
Job Summaryr Greetings of the day r This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew Ground Staff and Ticketing Executive r Loaction available Kolkata Mumbai Bhubaneswar etc airport r Urgently Requirer Female Cabin Crew Air-hostess for Leading Domestic 3sMale female Ground Staff Ticketing Reservation Baggage Security etc Guest Service Officers GRE F B Service Front Office for Airport LoungesCALL FOR INTERVIEWr HR Executive 8423863965r Responsibilities and Dutiesr Responsibilitiesr Checking passengers in for flights Re-routing or re-booking…	3
Call HR 9406924073 RESPONSIBILITIES Act as a catalyst for the organization by being a brilliant representative of the company. Comprehend the clients' needs and communicate ideas to the creative team along with guiding the entire campaign-building process. Juggle effectively between multiple client's needs and ensure the timely delivery of the projects that meet the expectations and objectives of the clients. Equip oneself fully about the diverse nuances of the client's business and communicate the same to the creative team. Manage effective communication between the management and the team. Maintain healthy client relationships by being a responsible face of the company.	3
"2 - 3 Years Navi Mumbai Job Description Dear Candidates, greetings from Intelact Business Solutions!!!! urgently Looking for ""software Programmer"" for Well Reputed Firm. Please Find Below the Job Detail: 1.position: Software Programmer 2. Qualification: Graduate 3.tech Qualification: Visual Basic 6 Coding, Crystal Reports and Sql 2000 4.experience: 2-3 Years 5.duration of the Position - Permanent. 6.salary : 15000 - 20000 Pm. 7.brief About Company Profile: we are General Sales Agents for International and Domestic 3s and We Handle the Revenue and Financial Accounting for Them. 8. Skills Required: Good / Excellent Communication in English / Dedicated Towards Work / Good Presentation Skills. females Can also Apply. Salary 49 Thousand 9 Hundered 90 9 To 2 Lac 50 Thousand P.A. Industry IT Software - System Programming Work Experience 2 - 3 Years Qualification Professional Degree Key Skills Software Programming Company Profile Email ID intelact17@gmail.com"	3
CONTACT HR 7669388367 Job Summary We are hiring for Airport Staff on immediate basis....interested candidate needs to apply for us to reach them. Responsibilities and Duties Reservation and Ticketing (Manual and Computerize both). Handel Passenger Queries and address passengers grievance Handel day to day operational task Preparation of daily/monthly service report Baggage Handling	3
"Job Description SOURCING GUIDELINES Candidates working in dynamic pricing / price structuring environment Candidates should be able to do market research, comparative studies, etc Candidates from 3, Hotels and Media companies (Zee Cinema, Star, etc) working in the pricing department MBA preference Price, negotiate and structure deals with the business development teams Build pricing scenarios on-the-fly to suit client's budget for critical transactions Develop sector specific knowledge using primary and secondary research Closely study market share and competitions pricing strategy to develop GTM offers for the sales team Based on market insights, co-create value proposition for clients in consultation with the national heads Formulate national schemes, ideate print innovations and develop palatable price points Interact regularly with function heads, branch heads & vertical heads in order to support business objectives & highlight concern areas Share & implement pricing guidelines & best sales practices among branches to augment revenues Skill Required - SQL and Excel Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹2,000,000.00 to ₹3,000,000.00 /year Experience: price structuring: 10 years (Required) Dynamic pricing: 10 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	3
"Hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing Ground Staff Cabin Crew Maintenance Engineer Key Responsibilities Welcome passengers on board and directing them to their seats Providing Information and safety procedures to the passengers Checking all seat belts and galleys are secure prior to take-off Making announcements on behalf of the pilot and answering questions during the flight Serving meals and refreshments Selling duty-free goods and advising passengers of any allowance restrictions in force at their destination Reassuring passengers and… Contact Hr 8O53O-86568 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹22,000.00 to ₹33,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"Manage bookings which include domestic, international flights, Rail. Provide information on products/services- Visa, forex,Health Regulations/ Insurance Handle refund & cancellation of Domestic/Int. airÂ tickets Co-ordinate with client/implant teams. Salary: INR 3,00,000 - 4,50,000 P.A. Industry: Travel , Hotels , Restaurants , 3s , Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role: Reservations Executive Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Graduate with Diploma in Travel & Tourism Preferred Effective communication skills along with active listening Excellent knowledge of computer reservations systems,GDS systems & e-travelling Ability to interact, communicate and negotiate Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization Job Type: Full-time"	3
"Job Title/Designation: Chief Operating Officer Job Description: Key Responsibilities: Supervision of key functions: Branch Operations (70%), HR (15%), Procurement, admin (15%) Scope to add more functions for a suitable candidate Ensuring stringent service quality control with strong focus on adherence + improvement of underlying processes/ SOPs Second level of operational guidance/ support/ backup for every centre, assisted by regional operations managers Recruitment and supervision of centre heads, branch managers Relationship management of corporate partners Revenue and profitability at area and branch level Reporting to CEO Atleast advance proficiency in excel is required Ideal Candidate Profile Preferably a mother Demonstrated expertise in building and delivering highly process-driven operations in sensitive service areas Demonstrated ability of having trained, superviseed and managed large teams, quality-benchmarked operations Ability to command professional respect and reporting from principals/ large corporate partners Prior experience in client relationship management/ teaching / Six Sigma/ Quality control will be a great advantage Willingness to step into the Centre Head’s shoes and directly run/ turnaround any centre operations (rarely but importantly) Willingness to travel across key cities Prior Experience 8+ yrs experience in training/ operations experience in 3s/ armed forces/ hospitality OR school/ retail branch operations OR suitable experience in management cadre of a large corporate Education At least post graduate/ graduate in any field Compensation: Negotiable, with possibility of ESOPs for exceptionally qualified candidate (equity stock options) About Employer Little Big World is a chain of non-franchised corporate daycare centres run on very high quality standards inside large corporate offices, factories or corporate parks, catering to young mothers returning to work. Already present across large companies and corporate parks in Pune, Bangalore and Hyderabad, Little Big World has ambitious growth plans in other cities with continuous improvement on high quality standards and professional work environment. The work culture here is very entrepreneurial yet professional, offering tremendous learning and growth opportunity with the obvious excitement and challenges of a fast-paced startup organization. More on www.littlebigworld.in Experience: 15+ years Job Type: Full-time Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Required)"	3
"Post info: - Customer Service Associate, Customer Service Executive Passport Checking Staff, Ticketing Checking Staff Guest Relationship Executive, Passenger Handling Offered salary scale: 18000/- to 28500/- (As per designation) Others benefits: PF + E.S.I. + Overtime and others. 3s authority going to hire fresher for different post. All interested fresher, who want to make their career in Aviation Industry they can apply. Eligibility criteria details given below: Require qualification criteria: From 10+2 pass to any basic Graduate, candidate can apply. Require age criteria: Age must be within 18 years to 30 years Others require criteria: Must fluency in Hindi and English. Comfortable to relocate in any part of India. Job location: Kolkata Mode of selection: Walk-in / Documents verification. Job Summary Job Type : Full Time Job Role : Passport Checking Staff Job Category : Hiring Process : Walk - In, Face to Face Interview, Group Discussion Who can apply : Freshers and Experienced (0 to 0.6 Years ) Contact Person Mr. Akshay 7428452707"	3
"call HR Gaurav 8510873863 Job Summary The individuals working in ground duty branch are often known as 'ground crew' or Ground Staff. They work at airports to keep airplanes running efficiently. From welcoming passengers to an aircraft's take-off, airport ground staff and air operations personnel play a crucial role in areas such as commercial activities, 3 operations and the running of airports. The job of ground staff is vast and varied. Some ground staff work directly with the aircraft, cleaning it inside and out between flights. These people must make sure the ramps, runways and surrounding areas do not have any garbage or debris present that could cause damage to the plane. Ground staff also includes technicians and maintenance workers that are responsible for making sure the plane is in good working order before takeoff, as well as those tasked with cleaning the cabin between flights. Ground staff also refers to people who work in the airport terminal itself. Some ground staff are responsible for inspecting, storing and transporting luggage, while others stock the aircraft with food and beverage items that are distributed during flight. Some ground staff members work directly with customers to answer questions and provide information regarding flight times, delays and any general queries the customer has before boarding. Ground staff work with the aircraft, crew and customers to ensure each flight is safe and enjoyable. Responsibilities and Duties .Commercial Role of Ground Staff Includes: 1.To Provide all necessary information to passengers and make their journey easier and comfortable. 2.Welcome Passengers and Handling help desk counter. 3.Carry out check-in, boarding and disembarkation procedures. 4.Promote and sell 3 products. ii.Technical Role of Ground Staff Includes: 1.Coordinating and managing staff around the aircraft during its stopover. 2.Draft and hand over the necessary documents for the flight to the aircraft captain. 3.Preparation of the flight plan, fuel, weather condition and other important information. 4.Management of take-off slots with air traffic organizations. 5.Management of the 3 network and fleet. Qualifications and Skills Educational Qualification: Under Graduate/ Graduate. Marital Status: Unmarried. Age Limit: 18 to 25 yrs. Language skills: Fluency in English. Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Fresher, Walk-In Salary: ?16,000.00 to ?24,000.00 /month Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Only whatsap HR Gaurav 8510873863 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹16,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"Division: Ground Services Location: Pan India Work Experience: Relevant experience in Aviation Industry Qualification: Graduate in any discipline Responsibilities: To assist in handling and managing all aspects of Vistara operations and customer services at the airport including check-in, boarding, ramp handling, arrival & baggage services, in an efficient and professional manner. Customer Service & Operations Ensure Vistara operates in a safe and secure environment, by complying with internal and external operating standards and procedures. Ensure that Vistara upholds high standards of customer service delivery based on guidelines set out by Ground Services Department and Station Management. Work closely with service partners (ground handling, catering, engineering, etc.) to achieve flight punctuality and customer satisfaction. Others Administrative duties including mishandled baggage, catering, flight reports and vendor invoice verification. Other duties and projects which may be assigned from time to time. Skills & Attributes Good communication skills. Willingness to work in shifts. Possess an aptitude for customer service. Amadeus knowledge shall be an added advantage. Click Here to apply"	3
Greeting From Join Usr Jobs Title 3s Ground Staff Airport Customer Service Assistantr Salary 20000 - to 81000 -r Eligibility Criteriar Age - Below 36 yearsMarital status - Unmarried or MarriedEducation - 12th or Graduation from a recognized universityShould be willing to work in shiftsWell groomedFresher or experience in similar industryJob Profiler Provide efficient guest service and optimize revenue Perform various customer service functions at the airport check-in boarding gate and ramp Perform allocation assigned as per the roster Check status of all flights including catering uplift…	3
"Will be responsible for International and domestic reservation and issuing of air tickets. Liasoning with 3s and suppliers regarding fares and seats. Dealing with agents and travellers and assisting them in their reservation process. Candidates are required to be computer literate with knowledge of sabre and amedues crs. Iata qualification or 3 years experience in a travel company or 3 in reservation job is a must. Good communication skills will be an added advantage. GDS KNOWLEDGE : SABRE PREFERRED IATA QUALIFIED TRAINEES ARE ACCEPTED Job Types: Internship, Contract Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹8,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
Urgent Requirement of Cabin Crew Air Hostess only Females for Domestic International 3 Cabin Crew Freshers Senior Cabin crew People with Minimum 6 Months Flying Experience IFM Lead Cabin Crew People with minimum of 1000 Hours of Flying Call us for your Telephonic Round of Interview 011- 7122-7122 100 Hot Lines Official WhatsApp Number - 8588819888 Send CV and photos on email protected Job Requirement Required Female candidates having pleasing personality Good communication skills Height should not be less than 5 2 155 cm Age 18-28 Years Should not be overweight or underweight Should not…	3
"Dear Candidate, We are looking for 3 Passenger Service Agent Job Description : A passenger service agent, sometimes referred to as flight customer service agent, is responsible for the administrative and customer service of travelers. Like flight attendants, passenger service agents are responsible for meeting the needs and safety requirements of passengers and airport personnel. They assist customers before and after a flight. Passenger service agents also provide support for other airport personnel, including pilots and engineers. Eligibility Criteria : Education : 12th+Any Degree (BE Graduate can also apply) Age : 19 to 24 years( Age Relaxation Candidate are not Entertained) Key Skills: Customer service and organizational skills; attention to detail. Benefits and Salary : Passenger service agents can expect to get the same benefits as other 3 employees. This usually includes benefits such as health, dental, vision, and basic life insurance, vacation with pay, paid days off, savings or retirement plans, and more. Starting salary will be from 18k to 22k. Interested Candidate apply with your updated Resume. Shortlisted Candidate will Receive Telephonic Interview from HR Department. Job Types: Full-time, Fresher, Walk-In Salary: ₹216,000.00 to ₹264,000.00 /year Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Required Documents: Address Proof (Required)"	3
"Urgent Requiement of Senior Travel Consultant ( Female) Expectation and key skills: - Excellent knowledge of travelling software Excellent customer service skills are essential Well versed in various area of travel (domestic/ international, business/holidays, group/ individual etc) Strong verbal communication skill to clearly relay information to clients and counsel them on all their travel options. Creative problem solving abilities to fix potential travel and scheduling issues as soon as they occur Job profile : Designing complete travel itineraries for clients that include entertainment, restaurant and attraction suggestion. Making and confirming travel arrangements, hotel room, accommodations and plane tickets. Counsel clients on their various travel choices and explain the differences between available options. Organize travels from beginning to end, through booking tickets and accommodation, securing rental transportation etc. and after that get feedback form filled from customers. Maintain client relationships and solve problems to keep repeat clients happy. Monitor 3 flights while clients are en route to stay apprised of delays and any other problems. Rent and confirm car rentals and car services for clients to help them get to and from 3s and events. Should have working knowledge of world geography and the basics of traveling to foreign countries such as currency exchange, spoken language and important social norms Top notch research skills to find hotel rooms, book 3 arrangements and learn about travel destinations. Collect deposits and balances. Handle unforeseen problems and complaints and determine eligibility for money returns. Detail for internal purpose Salary scale : - Rs.20,000/- to Rs.25,000/- Experience : -2 Years - 5Years Location : - Baroda Job Type : - Full TIme Education : -Graduate / Post Graduate ( Female) Only Experience Person Must Be Apply More Infoemation Call OR Whatsapp HR Person : 6355651409 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	3
"Lead requirement discussions to document, analyze and translate functional and non-functional business requirements into project specifications and user stories. Assist Product/Business Owner with Backlog grooming, User Story development & prioritize Talk to customer and gather the requirements Understand the technical aspects of requirement and contribute in solutioning Should have exposure to Webservices and usage of Soap UI Should write requirement in the form of User Stories Experience in Travel/Transport/Hospitality domain is must"	3
"Damco is one of the world’s leading providers of freight forwarding services. For more than 100 years, we have been providing our customers with services that helps them manage their cargo and that supports the way they want to do business. We manage and serve a diverse range of industries and provide around the world through our in-house forwarding team or with our agency partners. We offer multi-carrier air, ocean and project logistic services and tap into our decades of experience to make the customer experience a seamless one. We offer An exciting career opportunity in an international, challenging business setting characterized by high pace and diversity. You will get to focus on creating valuable relations with current and new customers and work with highly professional teams in an environment where you will be valued, recognized and well rewarded Key responsibilities Deliver a superior Customer experience to our Damco customers and proactive in identifying issue and mitigating them, ensure issues raised are resolved quickly. Export Operations: Manage end to end Airfreight Export Operations for defined customers. Customer Relationship: Be the primary point of contact for customers and act as an advocate for the customer internally; Actively build strong relationships with customers and gain an understanding of their business, service needs, drivers and desires Standard Adherence: Adhering to process in line with the agreed execution Standards and customer specific IOP’s and monitor respective KPI’s; Adhere to Standard is the Standard Business growth: Identify and execute upselling opportunities; Driving value through the network We are looking for Minimum 3 years of experience into Customer Servicing and operations . Should have worked into Logistics or Freight forwarding industry . Air Export Operations Co-ordination with 3S , Truckers & CHA’s. End to end process knowledge for Airfreight Collaboration & Action Oriented Basic Excel skills Problem solving Communication effectiveness Operations System knowledge Interpersonal Savvy English written and spoken"	3
"Job Description: Calculate the fares and give the least fare to client Knowledge of Refunds & Reissues is required. Churning of booking, Knowledge of handling corporate travel Good product knowledge in to various destinations like Europe, USA, Canada. Reservations - Domestic and International - Issuing, reissuing, refund, fare rules and group handling Document & record all bookings accurately & immediately. Queuing tickets in PNR. Should have knowledge of ADM & Voiding. Should be having experience of handling B to C customers (Front ending) Negotiating with suppliers for better deals Ensure and check the possibility of up sell travel insurance. Reporting to: Branch Manager Job Specification: 3-5 years of experience in international air ticketing. Should have done booking through Galileo. Should have degree in IATA /Diploma in travel & Tourism Excellent Verbal and Written Communication Skills. Problem Solving and Analytical Skills Location: Jogeshwari (West) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	3
We are looking for a Cabin Crew International 3s Exp Must for a Charter Plane for a Leading Organization based out in Mumbai with Mumbai basePosition Cabin Crew for a Charter PlaneTo deliver a high standard of customer service and safety on board all Royal Jet aircrafts contributing to consistent service excellence JOB RESPONSIBILITIES 1 Provide a safe environment for Guests and Cabin Crew onboard through safe work practice and adequate SEP knowledge 2 To be contactable during duty days and display evident of satisfactory attendance record in order to avoid disruption to flight operations…	3
"MICE COORDINATOR- Key Responsibilities: To accept shared responsibility with the Business Development corporate Mice for managing the sales and promotion of the company. Lead the MICE team covering all aspects of the department including; sales, proposal development, pricing, product and operations Prepare annual strategy and budget plans for review and provide quarterly updates on progress Assist in the annual budgeting and monthly forecasting process by developing and / or maintaining pipeline management tools and statistics. To provide monthly sales and competitor report on all sales activities. Act as main point of contact for VIP site inspections and familiarisation programs Develop relationships with key hotel partners, venues, Corporate Companies, corporater Travel and other suppliers To attend local trade shows, sales trips and networking events where required representing the company. Conduct thorough financial management for MICE operations to maximize revenue. Arrangement of 3 reservations, hotels, and other travel related arrangements for MICE customers. Essential Skills/Qualifications /Experience : * Proven customer and sales focus Fluent verbal and written English communication skills Minimum 2-5 years’ experience in a sales or management function in Hotel, Meetings & Events Specialist or Representation Company. Analytical and able to interpret and manage sales data Adaptable to changing environment. Candidate preferred only Hotel Industry. minimum 2-5 years experience. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	3
"We have an urgent opening in our Air Export Customer Service Department as an Executive or Assistant. Candidate should have experience in co-ordination with 3s & Customers. Graduate,Tech savvy. Excellent communication skill in English. Ready to join immediately At least 1 year experience in Air Export is essential. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Customer Service: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Language: English (Required)"	3
"operations devise, arrange, and promote holidays and travel options, working with hotels, 3s and other transport companies for ground travel, in order to execute the arrangements. This promotion is either done through travel agencies or direct to the customer by means of brochures or websites. Experience 0-4 Years Positions 4 Qualification Any Degree Requirement 1) Good interpersonal skills 2) The ability to work well as part of a team 3) Good in Computer Knowledge Salary As Per Company Norms"	3
"Required Male and female for airport job (Fresher ). # We are having Hiring for the Jobs for the Position Of Air Ticketing / Ground Staff IN AIRPORT or Interview. #Minimum 12 pass and onward Diploma or degree in aviation/Hospitality can be an advantage (Not mandatory) Age between 18 to 35 Years. Salary 18000/- to 35,500/- Good Communication Physically Fit Pleasing personality with strong interpersonal skills Job Summary Job Type : Full Time Job Role : Others Job Category : Others Hiring Process : Face to Face Interview Who can apply : Freshers Call for more information HR Team +91- 7428452707"	3
"Job Summary: - Immediate hiring is going on for Ground operation Staff to our Company. Applicants will be responsible for the services like safety of Passengers travelling, welcoming/greeting the Passengers, giving the information of travel timings, boarding time, booking passengers tickets, Managing their baggage, addressing the passenger's queries, assure security, and handling the day to day operational activities. CALL HR 9557254495"	3
"Back office t computer t operator t Data t Typist t Entry t Based t Work t From t Home Online t Computer t Knowledge. Male t female t college t students t apply Interested Candidates can directly apply h Company Web site-- szindia.com Salary-14000 to 26000 per month For more details please visit our-Company Web site-- szindia.com Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Fresher, Walk-In Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
Welcome to the 3 Industry -HIRING SOME FRESHERS CANDIDATE FOR AIRPORT GROUND STAFF CABIN CREWMale and Female both can applyFreshers candidate also can applyJOB LOCATION - All IndiaDESIGNATION - GROUND STAFF CABIN CREW GUEST RELATIONSHIP EXECUTIVE AND TICKET and PASSPORT CHECKING STAFF etc QUALIFICATION - 12th pass for Cabin Crew and Graduation for Ground Staff AGE LIMIT- 18 years to 30 years oldSALARY- 30 5k to 45k monthSKILL- Good communication Skill and basic computer knowledge and physically fit Job Type - Full Time Permanent JobInterview Location - All IndiaBenefits - ESI PF INCENTIVESFOR… Call and whatsapp hr 9068128382	3
"Job Summary Travel executives provide a one-stop travel shop experience to customers. They handle all walk in, telephone, and email enquiries related to travel. A travel executive will also resolve queries of customers regarding ticketing/reservation/tours etc. JD: Making travel arrangements Responsible for booking of Air or Train tickets, Responsible for hotel booking and rental car reservations and Providing Visa assistance. 3 Reservations - Domestic and International Tour Packagies - Domestic and International Visa- Visitor & Buisness Experience: 6.0 month to 2.0 yrs Communication should be strong Location: Powai Working days : Rotation shift Kindly grab the challenging opportunity and mail us your updated profile in word document along with below mentioned details : - Current Location: - Educational Qualification: - Date of Birth: Total experience: - Exp as Travel Executive : Current Salary : - Expected Salary: - Lead time to join: - Reason for change: - If interested please share your resume . * Would appreciate if you can help us with references of your friend or colleagues who would be looking out for change. Best Regards, Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹100,000.00 to ₹300,000.00 /year Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred) Shifts: Graveyard (Preferred)"	3
Argent Hiring for indigo 3 company PVT LTDCompany Mail Female interested candidates contact For this Great opportunity Seat s so Don t waste The Time Come Fast and get your jobqualification 10th to Graduate and Diploma I T I qualified candidates are requiredSalary of 20 000 to 35000 including accommodation Mobile Medical insurance and P F facilities Their ALL OVER INDIA process for different Location more details fallow me watsAAp and sand the CV NEHA MEM 7303166135 and online process	3
"Architect and implement systems and technology to support the growth of Couchbase Maintain and support all IT needs for a growing organization including hardware and software support, networking, security, build infrastructure, and more. Install, develop, and maintain virtualized infrastructure for testing and development. Assist in managing helpdesk ticketing system with the global team Create images, install VMs, and install components like Xen server, etc. Implement Technology to automate systems management as needed. Provide systems administration training as required Act as primary contact for all helpdesk needs in local office and APAC region Requirements 4-5 years of desktop and server support related experienceExperience of Mac support and Linux Sys Admin required Knowledge of sys admin automation tools (including Ansible), file services (nfs, smb), backups and recovery tools. Working knowledge of Office 365 Active Directory, Exchange, JIRA, MS Office Suite, Google G-Suite, and intermediate networking (TCP/IP). Experienced in network management, DNS management, switches configuration, VLAN, security and best practices, VPN, etc. Palo Alto Networks and Cisco ASA firewall knowledge (preferred) Experienced in installing, upgrading, and maintaining Redhat, Unbuntu, Mac OSX, Windows, Xen server, Unix operating systems, and scripting languages like python, nginx, apache, postfix, bind, AWS, Jenkins Familiar and able to maintain tools like github, wiki, Jira, crowd, confluence; second level support for website operations and maintenance. Knowledge of infrastructure and application monitoring and threat detection tools Write documentation to support operational footprint Networking deployment and administration including switches and firewalls Ability to communicate effectively; transfer knowledge and follow up with end users across all levels of the company. About Couchbase Couchbase’s mission is to be the data platform that revolutionizes digital innovation. To make this possible, Couchbase created the world’s first Engagement Database. Built on the most powerful NoSQL technology, the Couchbase Data Platform offering includes Couchbase Server and Couchbase Mobile and is Open Source. The platform provides unmatched agility and manageability – as well as unparalleled performance at any scale – to deliver ever-richer and ever more personalized customer experiences. The world's largest enterprises choose Couchbase for the most demanding web, mobile and IoT applications - companies like Amadeus, AT&T, Cisco, Comcast, Concur, Disney, Dixons Carphone, eBay, General Electric, LinkedIn, Marriott, PayPal, Ryanair, Viber, Tesco, United 3s, Verizon, Wells Fargo, and hundreds of others around the world use Couchbase Data Platform for their interactive web, mobile, and IoT applications. Couchbase has offices around the globe, and we’re committed to a work environment where you can be happy and thrive, in and out of the office. At Couchbase, you’ll get: A fantastic culture A focused, energetic team with aligned goals True collaboration with everyone playing their positions Great market opportunity and growth potential Time off when you need it. Regular team lunches and fully-stocked kitchens. Open, collaborative spaces. Competitive benefits Whether you’re a new grad or a proven expert, you’ll have the opportunity to learn new skills, grow your career, and work with the smartest, most passionate people in the industry. Revolutionizing an industry requires a top-notch team. Become a part of ours today. Bring your big ideas and we'll take on the next great challenge together. Check out some recent industry recognition: Wealth Front Career-Launching Companies List 2018 Forbes Next Billion Dollar Startups 2018 2018 Deloitte Fast 500 2018 DBTA Readers’ Choice Award for Best In-Memory Solutions Big Data 100: 35 Coolest Data Management And Integration Vendors No. 17 on Forbes’ list of Best Big Data Companies to Work For in 2017 Want to learn more? Check out our blog: https://blog.couchbase.com/ Equal Opportunity Statement: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, or disability."	3
"Government job 3 Allied Services Limited (AASL) Invites applications from Indian Nationals for Recruitment of Co-Pilot (P2) for filling up below posts : Co-Pilot (P2) CPL with Rating on ATR 42-320 – 04 Posts, Age : 45 Years Application Fee: A Demand Draft (DD) of ₹ 3000/- in favour of 3 ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED, payable at DELHI. There is no fee for SC/ST candidates. How to Apply: Eligible Candidates may send their typed and signed applications in the prescribed application format. Completed Applications along with a recent passport size photograph duly pasted and Application Fee (DD) Should be addressed to Alliance Air Personnel Department Lufthansa Hangar Building, (Alliance Bhawan) adjacent to the Office of ED (NR), Air India Limited, Terminal -1B, IGI Airport, New Delhi – 110037 by Post / Speed post / courier. The Last date of receipt of application is 17/03/2017. Logon to : http://www.airindia.in/writereaddata/Portal/career/449_1_Co-Pilot-42-320-aircraft-rated.pdf for more detailed information."	3
"We are looking for a Project Coordinator with 2-3 years of documentation experience for our office in Mumbai. At Happy Marketer, we work with some of the most prominent and reputed brands in the APAC region from sectors including 3s, telcos, publishers, apps and other large B2C companies. Key Requirements Working knowledge of Workfront, JIRA, Confluence or similar project tracking tool 2+ years of professional work experience in a technology or analytics firm Proficient knowledge of Microsoft Office suite Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, and/or relevant experience Strong communication, organizational, writing and presentation skills Experience managing multiple responsibilities in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Extreme attention to detail, creative and critical thinking skills Entrepreneurial, self-starter with a hands-on approach and positive attitude Location: Mumbai, India Roles & Responsibilities End to end documentation management Organise Workspaces, Content, Users Access & Knowledge Base for Happy Marketer Creating and managing Blueprints, Templates, Permissions, JIRA, Page and file versioning and Add-ons within Confluence Work closely with the account management, project management, consulting and implementation teams to drive project efficiency Who should not apply? If you have a total work experience of more than 3 years If you are not comfortable working in a fast paced and agile environment If you don’t have formal hands-on experience with confluence What will make you stand out? Experience working with a tech product startup or a digital agency Where others see chaos, you see a solution Rename your resume to include your favourite color at the end of the file name"	3
Get in Touch With-9557254495 Qualification 12th Pass Salary 18k to 28k Age 18 to 28 The ground staff are responsible for passengers service duties	3
"Job Description Duties and Responsibilities Strategic Responsibilities Develop understanding of in-house IT tools such as MS Excel, MS Access, Oracle Discoverer and RAPID (revenue accounting system). Communicate and Co-ordinate with client to i) understand report requirements and ii) understand nuances associated with 3 taxes. Operational Responsibilities Manage daily MIS and Tax report deliveries as per the calendar and ensure that all the SLAs associated with reporting are met. Work on ad-hoc requests from the client or other verticals. Create SOPs to document all the relevant procedures associated with preparation of MIS and Tax reports. Work continuously to enhance the quality process and maintain quality log for each report delivered. Develop in-depth understanding of the tools (RAPID, ORACLE Discoverer, Excel, etc.) used to prepare reports Qualifications Competencies required for the role Mandatory Desirable Technical/Functional § Should have knowledge of MS Office. § Knowledge of revenue accounting systems and processes. § Customer Service Orientation § Ability to integrate data from multiple sources and prepare the final report Behavioral § Should display good interpersonal skills. § Good people management skills. Skills § Problem Solving Skills § Analytical Thinking § Good Oral as well as Written Communication § Basic Programming Skills (SQL or VBA)"	3
"We are looking for a successful and enthusiastic Corporate Event Manager in MICE to produce events from conception through to completion. Roles and Responsibilities: Liaise with clients to identify their needs and requirements of events and tours Plan event/tours with attention to financial and time constraints Take the rates from different vendors Prepare the quote, send it to client Source and negotiate with vendors and suppliers Negotiate with clients and confirm the Event Coordinate all operations Get the execution of event/tours in a systematic manner Analyze the events/tour success and prepare reports Requirements: Proven experience as an Event Manager Impressive portfolio of previously managed events (meetings, parties, corporate events) Excellent time management and communication skills Ability to manage multiple projects independently Negotiation and Sales skills and ability to build productive business relationships MS Office proficiency Salary: INR 2,50,000 - 4,50,000 P.A. Salary is not a constraint for appropriate candidate Industry: Travel , Hotels , Restaurants , 3s , Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role: Operations Manager Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG: Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	3
"Operations & sales ( minimum 2 years relevant industry experience ) & Operations Executive , US flight sales . You will be responsible for new flight booking, Date Change ,cancellation of 3 tickets designing and organizing tours & travel erations , itineraries , costings etc... You must be fluent in english , have a pleasing / friendly personality and have a good knowledge of Amadeus . sales profile Industry: Travel / 3s / Hotels Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: Ticketing/Travel/Packages Role: Travel Counsellor Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹80,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
"We are looking for good and hard work senior travel executive. The travel executive needs to discuss and understand the requirements and plan the trip accordingly. The travel executive also needs to provide a package based on the customers budget. The travel executive is also responsible in providing all the details of the package before the package is sold. The travel executive is responsible to provide all packages available that would suit the customers requirement. The travel executive needs to make sure that the arrangements for food and stay and transportation is in place before the visit of the customer. The travel executive is also responsible to provide the customer with the hard copy of the tickets for travel. The travel executive is responsible for the processing of passport and visa formalities in case the customer requires traveling abroad. The conversion of currencies in case of foreign travel is also a responsibility of the travel executives. The travel executive is also responsible for providing a backup plan in the event of an unexpected situation. The travel executive is responsible in maintaining good rapport with the customers. The travel executive is responsible for handling any kind of emergencies when the customer travels. The travel agent is also responsible for negotiating with the hotels and transport agencies to get the best deals possible. The travel executive has to have sound knowledge in using the computer and the internet. Salary: INR 1,50,000 - 3,00,000 P.A. Industry: Travel , Hotels , Restaurants , 3s , Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role: Travel Agent Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- PG: Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	3
Greetings from Aviation Express This is to inform you that we do have the job openings in aviation industry for the profiles of Cabin Crew Ground Staff Aircraft Maintenance and Ticketing Executive This position has many names 3 informational representative ground attendant station attendant special assistant coordinator or airport informational representative Regardless of title the main responsibility is to assist passengers in the terminal with general questions regarding directions terminal services or arranging wheelchair access Cabin Crew ResponsibilitiesWelcoming passengers on board…	3
We are hiring for Ground Staff Air Ticketing Executive and Cabin Crew Education Skills Required Candidate both fresher and experienced with good communication skills require Candidate should be time flexible Education The only preliminary education for an 3 ticketing agent is a high school diploma 3s have their own training facilities that usually consist of a week or two of classroom training followed by on-the-job training by shadowing an experienced ticketing agent New agents begin by handling luggage and work up to handling seating assignments completing ticket forms and reserving…	3
"Profession: Quality Management Work Location: Middle East, India & Africa-India-Delhi Schedule:Full-time Description ABOUT US Welcome to SITA... We lead one of the most exciting and advanced industries on earth. Around the world, nearly every passenger flight relies on SITA technology, almost every airport and 3 does business with us, and it’s our job to support their operations. As the world's leading air transport IT and communications specialist, we’re committed to meeting the demands of the air transport industry around the clock, every day. Our Vision: Easy air travel every step of the way WHY SHOULD YOU BE INTERESTED? With us there are no limits for people looking to explore the edges of possibility and beyond. Together, we Go.Far. Challenge: Our people take on some of the biggest challenges in our industry. They aren't afraid to think bigger, work harder and deliver smarter solutions that are continuously transforming air travel. Opportunity: Taking on these challenges opens up a world of opportunities for our people. We make sure they have the chance to develop their skills, explore new horizons and grow their careers on a global scale. At SITA we believe that creating and nurturing an inclusive culture is about who we are as an organization, and as an employer. Diversity is more than a target to us, it’s a key part out of our collective identity and values. Qualifications The Role You will be a Test analyst and ensure the software is verified against the criteria set out in the functional by defining and executing tests. Your Role will involve: Creating high level test scenarios. Executing test scenarios. Recording and analysing actions and results and maintains a defect register. Reviewing test results and modifies tests if necessary. Reporting on progress to stakeholders. We would like it if you have the below knowledge and experiences: Strong Automation Testing Experience Demonstrate a ''developing'' level of knowledge and understanding in : Demonstrate effective communication processes meeting demands of both SQACE Office of Technology Management (OTM) and program / project requirements. Ensure that knowledge is kept up-to-date with all relevant updates/releases to products. Working knowledge of HP toolset. Demonstrate good knowledge and understanding of testing market. Knowledge of CMMi/TMMi useful. Use appropriate tools for change control risks and issues Provide focused accurate and exact data analysis. Knowledge of min. 2 programming languages. Theoretical and practical knowledge of object-oriented development approaches. Strong software application skills (MS Excel Access Word PowerPoint Project). Develop and maintain documentation. Ability to work under pressure. Principles of ISTQB. Principles of Agile.' Next Steps If you apply we will carefully review your fit against the position criteria and provide feedback to you. If your profile does not meet the criteria, we will retain your profile as an active applicant for future consideration. Thanks for your interest in SITA #LI-SR1 Job Posting: May 30, 2019, 2:52:25 AM"	3
"As a Ground Staff Executive, your duties will entail: 1. Providing assistance at customers location for their distresses when appointed to India Assist (IA) Customers travelling in your region within 10-20 minutes duration of appointment of duty. 2. Being courteous and well behaved towards your appointed customer and deliver complete assistance for their distress as per provided guidelines. 3. Coordinating with the call centre team to get the queries and Ground Staff team to deliver assistance to customer 4. Undergo regular customer service training provided by company. 5. Adhere to company guidelines for services to be provided at all times. 6. Reporting finishing of appointed duty once assistance has been provided to appointed customer. Other Requirements 1. Understanding of company products, services, and policies. 2. Proficiency with mobile phone and apps 3. Able to travel unaccompanied- Car/ Bike and driving license is necessary Skills 1. Research skills and acumen for finding data/ information. 2. Networking skills or acumen for networking 3. Strong time management and decision making skills. 4. Adaptability and accountability. 5. Fluency in multiple languages may be desired. 6. Good logical and reasoning ability Contact @ Mr. Ritik 8476816531 Salary: INR 2,25,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. Industry: Travel , Hotels , Restaurants , 3s , Railways Functional Area: ITES , BPO , KPO , LPO , Customer Service , Operations Role Category: Other Role: Outside Consultant Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Keyskills Customer Service Training Calling Ground Staff Activities Call Center Networking Skills Time Management Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above"	3
"Call hr 7669784066 Responsibilities and Duties Passport Checking Boarding Pass issuing Take care of luggage Ticket checking Guide the passengers Solve the problems of the passengers Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Minimum 10th pass (Male) Minimum 12th pass (Female) Freshers can apply Age limit- 18 to 27 years (Male) , 18 to 25 years (Female) Languages- English/Hindi Skills : Good communication, well grooming seance"	3
"New recruitment notice 2019 for Airport Ground job RCSA /CSA /PSA /ATA; CARGO DEPARTMENT Qualification-10th Pass and Above Age- 18 Years to 30 Years (F-28) Salary- 14.800/- to 25.000/- Per Month Skills- Good Communication and Pleasing Personality Language- Hindi, Bengali and English Job Location - New Delhi Job Summary Job Type : Full Time Job Role : Others Job Category : Others Hiring Process : Face to Face Interview Who can apply : Freshers and Experienced (0 to 1 Years ) Call for more information HR Department +91- 7428452707"	3
"We are looking for 3 Reservation Agent Trainer and Cargo Assistant Trainer Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	3
"Details for Travel Desk Executive• This standard is valid for all employees associated with this role.The Travel Desk Executive shall be responsible for, but not limited to the following: (a)Coordinates travel needs for all company employees & HODs (b)Assist employees with travel-related issues (c)Research,negotiate & secure rates directly with 3s, car rental companies & hotels (d)Visa processing & other travel documentation (e)Travel Budget"	3
"Experience: 0-3 years (Freshers can also apply Age Limit: 18 to 32) (Graduates Or Final Year/6th Semester results awaited candidates can only apply) Job Description: To perform all security related functions as given for 3 operations by the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security. Screening, frisking and overall safety and security of the passengers and their baggage. Candidates having valid AVSEC / Screeners shall be preferred first. Required Skills: Fluency in English is an essential criterion. Excellent Communication skills. Ability to work in a dynamic and challenging environment is essential. CALL HR 9557254495"	3
"Job Description Correspond with customers regarding their complete move process and provide all guidance on packing, customs and insurance documentation. Control & coordinate the entire move process internally with operations & externally with vendors/agents. Liaison with carrier (air/sea) on the booking routing / status as well as the arrival status of the shipments. Negotiate final rates with shipping lines / 3s. Coordinate with warehouse to overview packing, deliveries & movement of ground logistics are happening as per plan. Keep partner agents as well as customers regularly informed with regard to status of their shipments till completion of job. Update information in company's move-management software. Experience 3 - 5 years Location Bangalore Education Any Graduate - Any Specialization Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization To apply please send us your resume to careers@starww.com."	3
"Chargeback Specialist Travix (Cheaptickets, Vliegwinkel, Vayama, Flugladen, BudgetAir) is looking for a Chargeback analyst to examine chargebacks and disputes, collect evidence and take appropriate actions based on the findings. This will involve calling acquirers, credit card companies, customers, working closely with a fraud prevention team to collect evidence to reduce chargeback loss. In addition, you will be an integral part in helping to define and create a new green field for our fraud analytics tools. Key Responsibilities: Review and investigate the chargeback received from acquirers, 3s and merchant banks to find out the exact cause for the chargeback from the customer. Respond to the acquirers, merchant banks and 3s with complete set of documentation to contest the chargeback/RFI within the time frame. Liaise with customers to identify the reason for chargeback/buyer's remorse and convince to withdraw the chargebacks/disputes when applicable. Resolve the potential disputes with all relevant internal and external stakeholders. Escalate to the different internal teams to take the immediate steps in operational efficiencies to minimize chargeback cases. Escalate to Fraud team to review and update our systems to avoid a further occurrence of the chargeback or fraud. Work exclusively in 3 tools AMM & BSP Link Proactively anticipate on Chargebacks coming in from acquirers, merchant banks and 3s to limited the chargeback amount as much as possible within the Travix and card schemes predefined metrics. Your profile Fluent in English. Graduate Degree 1-4 years working experience. Having worked within a fraud team or as chargeback analyst will be a plus OR Industry experience within Online Travel and knowledge of Amadeus reservation systems is preferred. Detail-oriented and ability to work under time pressure. Ability to learn quickly, adapt to often-changing processes and make decisions quickly and accurately. Ability to work independently, manage time effectively and meet deadlines. Why work at Travix? Your contribution is visible and will significantly contribute to our results There are plenty of opportunities to develop yourself in line with the fast growth of our company Our working environment supports initiative and values your ideas What you can expect Competitive salary, and other great benefits! Cab service to commute to the office. Much more benefits such as Creche allowance, Fitness Scheme, etc A multinational team of specialists to inspire and support you! A lively office where we celebrate birthdays, festivals, fruits and snacks available. Opportunity to work in flexible working."	3
"Chargeback Specialist Travix (Cheaptickets, Vliegwinkel, Vayama, Flugladen, BudgetAir) is looking for a Chargeback analyst to examine chargebacks and disputes, collect evidence and take appropriate actions based on the findings. This will involve calling acquirers, credit card companies, customers, working closely with a fraud prevention team to collect evidence to reduce chargeback loss. In addition, you will be an integral part in helping to define and create a new green field for our fraud analytics tools. Key Responsibilities: Review and investigate the chargeback received from acquirers, 3s and merchant banks to find out the exact cause for the chargeback from the customer. Respond to the acquirers, merchant banks and 3s with complete set of documentation to contest the chargeback/RFI within the time frame. Liaise with customers to identify the reason for chargeback/buyer's remorse and convince to withdraw the chargebacks/disputes when applicable. Resolve the potential disputes with all relevant internal and external stakeholders. Escalate to the different internal teams to take the immediate steps in operational efficiencies to minimize chargeback cases. Escalate to Fraud team to review and update our systems to avoid a further occurrence of the chargeback or fraud. Work exclusively in 3 tools AMM & BSP Link Proactively anticipate on Chargebacks coming in from acquirers, merchant banks and 3s to limited the chargeback amount as much as possible within the Travix and card schemes predefined metrics. Your profile Fluent in English. Graduate Degree 1-4 years working experience. Having worked within a fraud team or as chargeback analyst will be a plus OR Industry experience within Online Travel and knowledge of Amadeus reservation systems is preferred. Detail-oriented and ability to work under time pressure. Ability to learn quickly, adapt to often-changing processes and make decisions quickly and accurately. Ability to work independently, manage time effectively and meet deadlines. Why work at Travix? Your contribution is visible and will significantly contribute to our results There are plenty of opportunities to develop yourself in line with the fast growth of our company Our working environment supports initiative and values your ideas What you can expect Competitive salary, and other great benefits! Cab service to commute to the office. Much more benefits such as Creche allowance, Fitness Scheme, etc A multinational team of specialists to inspire and support you! A lively office where we celebrate birthdays, festivals, fruits and snacks available. Opportunity to work in flexible working. Interested? Of course you are! Do you recognize yourself in the above profile, we look forward to receiving your application by clicking the “apply now” button."	3
"** Min 2 years of experience in international & domestic air ticketing experience. Should have experience in Group Bookings Responsibilities and Duties: Domestic & International ticketing through Galileo, Amadeus, Online To confirm waitlisted seats while monitoring flights. Monitor and track booking queue for ticket issuance Must do the invoicing of ticket issued and ensure payment collection for all invoices issued. To check possibility of up sell or better ticketing option or reselling in lower class before issuance. Ensure 100% quality check before issuance of tickets. Liase with 3 for meal requests, seat requests Render assistance in VISA Issue Travel Insurance Tracking of Reissuances, refunds Knowledge of Domestic & International Destinations and creating Itineraries Coordinating directly with clients and ensuring timely reverts are sent. Qualifications and Skills Skills & Qualification: Good communication skill Must have IATA certification Must have strong knowledge of Microsoft Office - Email, Excel etc., Minimum HSC, IATA, Travel Tourism Course Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	3
r r We are Hiring for AirTicketing GroundStaff CabinCrew Salary 25 k to 52 kEducation Skills Required Candidate both freshers and experienced with good communication skills require Candidate should be time flexible Education The only preliminary education for an 3 ticketing agent is a high school diploma 3s have their own training facilities that usually consist of a week or two of classroom training followed by on-the-job training by shadowing an experienced ticketing agent New agents begin by handling luggage and work up to handling seating assignments completing ticket forms and…	3
"Job Description The Customer Experience Manager plays an integral role in the development and maintenance of current Customer Experience program. Will be an active member of business unit project and service teams. This role is ultimately responsible for all planning, preparation and delivery of employee soft skills trainings. Additional responsibility for service initiatives to enhance the customer support. Key role responsible for advocating on behalf of the customer and ensuring a front-line employee experience exists to support the customers. Essential Functions Understand and translate customer service requirements and goals to applicable groups Develops and owns the comprehensive execution plans for customer experience improvements Develops and distributes consolidated detailed reporting, leveraging advanced tools to articulate findings Delivers training in classroom / virtual to front line employees in the location where based, and may need to travel to another locations Identify and manage vendors responsible for 3rd party training. Collaborates with cross functional teams ensuring that clear understanding of the key customer and frontline experience issues exists and that the solutions being implemented by active projects are aligned to the key drivers of the customer experience Assist in resolving customer issues by facilitating the coordination of efforts among the Global Operation organizations. Produces high-quality project documentation with no assistance. Job Requirements Passion for working with customers, building relationships, and achieving measurable goals. Self-starter with a proven track record of driving customer success and satisfaction Skilled at managing customer relationships, problem-solving, driving alignment, and navigating complex and challenging situation to ensure positive outcomes in a professional manner Exceptional verbal and written communication skills in English required; comfortable meeting with and presenting to audiences at all levels within the organization Full industry knowledge of customer satisfaction drivers; strong understanding of policy/process impact to front line employee & customer satisfaction Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to influence others at all levels of the organization. Excellent organizational skills with strong attention to detail and follow-up. Ability to manage multiple projects, prioritize, meet deadlines, ensure quality and maintain flexibility in a fast-paced, service-oriented environment. Education Bachelor’s degree or equivalent related experience. Preferred qualifications Excellent computer software skills; excellent written and verbal communication skills in English required Able to influence change in a fast-paced environment Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously Experience with Customer Experience survey software / Text Mining tools (i.e. Qualtrics, Clarabridge) preferred Sabre Corporation is the leading technology provider to the global travel industry. Sabre’s software, data, mobile and distribution solutions are used by hundreds of 3s and thousands of hotel properties to manage critical operations, including passenger and guest reservations, revenue management, flight, network and crew management. Sabre also operates a leading global travel marketplace, which processes more than US$120 billion of global travel spend annually by connecting travel buyers and suppliers. Headquartered in Southlake, Texas, USA, Sabre serves customers in more than 160 countries around the world."	3
"Immediate hiring is going on for Ground Staff to our leading Aviation Company. The Ground staff candidates are responsible for the services and duties, safety of Passengers at the airport, the Ground staff candidates will be welcoming/greeting the Passengers with pleasant personality, giving the information of flight timings, boarding time, booking passengers tickets, Managing their baggage, addressing the passenger's queries, assure security, and handling the day to day operational activities. Interview Process will happen in Chennai only (Candidates should be coming to Tamil Nadu to give the interview) Call HR Piyush - 9891736769 Candidate Profile: The Ground staff member will be responsible for day to day operations at the airport. Receiving/welcoming the passengers in a pleasing personality. Helping passengers in getting their luggage. Checking the passenger's baggage coming in for flights. Booking and re-booking the passenger's flight tickets. Providing required knowledge about flight timings and halts. Ensure Safety and security check. Helping the passengers to check in their baggage at the counters. Scanning the passenger tickets. Delivering all the necessary information to travellers on flights. Supporting/helping passengers with all problems, including lost luggage/equipment. Salary: INR 1,75,000 - 5,50,000 P.A. Provident Fund is available Attractive Reward Cab Convenience Medical Insurance Extensive Incentive Lunch will be given Free trip/flight tickets. Customer Bugs Overtime allowance is available Industry: Aviation, Aerospace, Aeronautical Functional Area: Other Role: Other Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Keyskills aviation ground staff activities airport passport security cabin flight attendant Air Hostess"	3
"- Should have Understanding of 3/Aviation/Travel industry - Must have knowledge of Travel B2B market or any of 3s sales process. - You will be team member of FareHawker GroupDesk, will responsible for Handling of Group Queries (both domestic and International). - Will need to action group queries by coordinating with concern flight analyst to quote group fares to clients. - Will need to talk to travel agents/ B2C & understand their requirement about group booking & try to match budget for group confirmation. - Will need to reply Flight and Fare Enquiries by call & emails. - Handling Group Ticketing and Refunds/re-booking of tickets. GDS knowledge is not required for this position. freshers can also apply from aviation education background. Responsible for accurate and timely issuance of 3s quotations in written form. Fare negotiations with the clients and co-ordination with responsible person. Support of the sales force concerning creation of proposals, follow - ups and closure of the groups/deal. Job Types: Full-time, Fresher, Walk-In Salary: ₹200,000.00 to ₹500,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) 3s ticketing: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Location: New Delhi, Delhi (Required)"	3
"Profession: Field Operations Work Location: Middle East, India & Africa-Jordan-Amman Schedule:Full-time Description AGENT SERVICE DESK ABOUT US Welcome to SITA... We lead one of the most exciting and advanced industries on earth. Around the world, nearly every passenger flight relies on SITA technology, almost every airport and 3 does business with us, and it’s our job to support their operations. As the world's leading air transport IT and communications specialist, we’re committed to meeting the demands of the air transport industry around the clock, every day. Our Vision: Easy air travel every step of the way WHY SHOULD YOU BE INTERESTED? With us there are no limits for people looking to explore the edges of possibility and beyond. Together, we Go.Far. Challenge: Our people take on some of the biggest challenges in our industry. They aren't afraid to think bigger, work harder and deliver smarter solutions that are continuously transforming air travel. Opportunity: Taking on these challenges opens up a world of opportunities for our people. We make sure they have the chance to develop their skills, explore new horizons and grow their careers on a global scale. At SITA we believe that creating and nurturing an inclusive culture is about who we are as an organisation, and as an employer. Diversity is more than a target to us, it’s a key part out of our collective identity and values. Benefits in Jordan Annual leave Leave for maternity, marriage, birth of child, death of family, sick leave Company Social Security contribution Life and disability insurance Medical Insurance School fees assistance Flexible working: Working from home 1 day per week (in agreement with your manager). NB: Note that these benefits can change and some benefits have ‘conditions’ and may not apply to all employees THE ROLE You will be the primary point of contact for customers and has the responsibility to ensure that all incidents are resolved and change requests handled within the agreed SLA. For that purpose you have he ownership of incidents from opening to closing and must work with and chase all involved resolver groups to comply with SLAs.n- Within SITA Service Desks the Service desk agent is responsible to handle at level 1 the incidents service requests and change requests (assigned to him/her) which are raised by customers when they face issues with the use of SITA products and services. Those incidents are reported via various media: telephone e-mails or web portal.n- This function requires working in shifts during nights weekends and public holidays. EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS. Basic knowledge and understanding of Network protocols. Product and Service knowledge in one or several of the following areas at beginner level: Airport Services Desktop services Network Services Customer specific services and solutions (for dedicated support) Exposure to ITIL and to IT and network components and principles Demonstrated maturity in handling complex customer issues and irritated customers Excellent customer communication skills both verbal and written in English and other languages as required If you apply we will carefully review your fit against the position criteria and feedback to you. If your profile does not meet the criteria, we will retain your profile as an active applicant for future consideration. Qualifications Job Posting: Mar 5, 2019, 4:12:39 AM"	3
3 Allied Services Limited invites applications from Indian Nationals/Ex-Patriates for filling up of following vacancies P1 Commander No. of Vacancies: 47 (33-P1) (8-TRI)(6-TRE) Place of postings: Delhi/ Kolkata/ Bengaluru/ Hyderabad/ Mumbai/ Chennai/ Vishakhapatnam/ Jaipur Academic Qualifications: 10+2 (With Physics & Maths) from a recognized Board/University. Upper Age limit: 55 years Experience:0-5 Years Location:Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Hyderabad Mumbai Chennai Vishakhapatnam Jaipur Education:10+2 (With Physics & Maths) Company:3 Allied Services Limited SALARY:42-600/72-500/72-600 Last Date:13 Nov 2019	3
"Boarding Pass Checking Staff Recruitment Open Greeting of the today. 3s Management Staff For fresher and Experienced (Responsibilities and Duties) Giving passengers up-to-date information on flights Assisting staff in carrying out security checks as and when the situation arises Delivering high levels of customer service to passengers and those traveling through the airport Required Experience, Skills And Qualifications Minimum 12th passes and onward Diploma or degree in aviation/Hospitality can be an advantage (Not mandatory) Age between 18 to 30 Years. Salary – 15,700/- to 26,000/- per month P.F + E.S.I + Allowances Job Summary Job Type : Full Time Job Role : Others Job Category : Others Hiring Process : Face to Face Interview Who can apply : Freshers Call for more information HR Team +91- 8376065066"	3
"First prime duty of a Ground Staff is to make sure about the safety and comfort of the passengers. Their duties include to check the baggage, cleaning and to make flight experience pleasant. Some Ground Staff are responsible for inspecting, storing and transporting luggage, while others stock the aircraft with food and beverage items that are distributed during flight and some Ground Staff works in direct contact with customers, handling their queries. Industry: Aviation, Aerospace, Aeronautical Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: 3 Role: Ground Staff Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Keyskills Customer Service Help Desk Information Telephony support customer relationship access controls Vendor Management Asset Management Desired Candidate Profile Inside the airport terminal: Checking passengers in for flights Re-routing or re-booking passengers whose flights have been cancelled or delayed Assisting disabled passengers or those travelling with young children Giving passengers up-to-date information on flights Assisting passengers with all enquiries, including lost or delayed baggage good looking Contact @ 9520224141"	3
"Roles and Responsibilities : Online Rail/Air Ticket booking Car booking Coordinating with client with respect to booking Completing billing related documentation as required Complete and reconcile billing on weekly basis Tracking ticket cancellation request and close the same as requested by client Tracking cancellation refunds. Candidates residing in Western line between Borivali to Vile Parle will be preferred. Salary: As per industry standards (negotiable) Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / 3s / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role: Travel Agent Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Excellent communication & Interpersonal skills. Should be a team player Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization PG: Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	3
"CALL HR 9557254495 Experience: 0-3 years (Freshers can also apply Age Limit: 18 to 32) (Graduates Or Final Year/6th Semester results awaited candidates can only apply) Job Description: To perform all security related functions as given for 3 operations by the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security. Screening, frisking and overall safety and security of the passengers and their baggage. Candidates having valid AVSEC / Screeners shall be preferred first. Required Skills: Fluency in English is an essential criterion. Excellent Communication skills. Ability to work in a dynamic and challenging environment is essential."	3
"Experience – 5-7 Yrs (1 -Analysts position) 3 PSS DOMAIN EXPERIENCE IS A MUST with good communication skills Work Product Delivery Participate in requirement analysis and provide detailed estimation Provide support to team in understanding requirement Understand and design test plans and test scenarios based on requirement Provide technical leadership to test design and execution Participate in test plan reviews, defect validation and ensure quality of deliverables Review ongoing development/ technical documentation and maintain an inventory of improvements. Effectively collaborates and communicates with the stakeholders and ensures client satisfaction. Train and coach members to ensure effective knowledge transfer activity. Qualification & Performance Has minimum 5 years’ experience in software quality assurance for Test Analyst. Experience in 3 domain PSS testing. Min 3 Yrs hands on experience Has ability to mentor a team consisting of 5 or more individuals. Experience in execution of functional, regression and system testing Experience and willingness to work on creating test cases, test scripts and execute them Exposure to Metrics (Defect, Test Execution), status reports and exit reports Basic SQL knowledge Exposure to MS Excel and other tools (QA & Support) Demonstrated ability to meet deadlines. Significant experience in quality assurance processes, software lifecycle, testing, planning, execution & defect tracking. Keen attention to detail. Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment. Able to participate in training sessions, presentations, and meetings. Good to have PSS Legacy system work experience Onshore experience-interacting with customer ISTQB Certification Interaction and experience with Japanese customers You could also apply in confidence by writing to: Manager - HR IBS Software (P) Ltd. Nila, Technopark Campus Trivandrum - 695 581 Kerala Ph: +91-471-2700080 Fax: +91-471-2700078 Email: careers@ibsplc.com Freshers Recruitment: Currently through Campus placement only"	3
Urgent Hiring for Air Ticketing Cabin Crew Computer OperatorDirect Walk-in Interview For Ground Staff Air Hostess Air Ticketing WE ARE RECRUITING FOR THE POST OF GROUND STAFF AND CABIN CREW AIR TICKETING FOR ALL INDIAWE ARE LOOKING FOR CANDIDATES WHO WANTS TO MAKE THEIR CAREER BRIGHT IN THE FIELD OF AVIATION SECTOR FASTEST GROWING SECTOR AT PRESENT JOB DETAILS AND JOB PROFILE Ground Staff and Cabin crewGreeting passengers as they board and exit the planeShowing passengers to their seats and providing special attention to certain passengers such as the elderly or disabledServing meals and refreshmentscargo…	3
Hiring call - 9520524117Post-Interview for Cabin Crew Air Hostess - Female AIR HOSTESSES AND CABIN CREW Handling Clients and passengers Pleasing Personality and Good Comm skills willing to travel on short notice for various leading domestic and international 3 clients and chartered flights Mail me your resume and full length photoshr ashokverma123 gmail comWhats App 9319436365Job RolesRequired Male-Female candidates having pleasing personality Good communication skillsHeight should not be less than 5 2 155 cm Age 18-27 YearsShould not be overweight or underweight Should not have any visible…	3
"Resource must have - TPF, zTPF, Sabretalk, Tool Kit experience. Must have 3 domain experience Primary Function - Flight Operations Secondary Function â€“ Crew Assignment Should be able to take a Technical lead role and mentor team. Should be able to work independently with customer. Should have good communication skills. Minimum Educational Qualification:Engineering or Science graduate (B.E., B.Tech, BCA, BSc - computer science). Mail Resume at hr@zivithinfo.com"	3
Job Summaryi Commercial Role of Ground Staff Includes 1 To Provide all necessary information to passengers and make their journey easier and comfortable 2 Welcome Passengers and Handling help desk counter 3 Carry out check-in boarding and disembarkation procedures 4 Promote and sell 3 products ii Technical Role of Ground Staff Includes 1 Coordinating and managing staff around the aircraft during its stopover 2 Draft and hand over the necessary documents for the flight to the aircraft captain 3 Preparation of the flight plan fuel weather condition and other important information 4 Management…	3
"Job Summary WILL BE HANDLING QUERIES OF THE CLIENT FOR TICKETING / RESERVATION Responsibilities and Duties MUST AWARE OF ISSUANCE, RE-ISSUE, CANCELLATION AND REFUND PROCESS MUST WORKED ON GALILEO, AMADEUS AND SABRE CO-ORDINATION WITH 3S, CORPORATE CLIENTS AND DIRECT CLIENTS GOOD COMMUNICATION AND CORRESPONDENCE Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 3-5 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE IN TRAVEL INDUSTRY GOOD COMMUNICATION AND INTERPERSONAL SKILLS IATA QUALIFIED WITH MINIMUM GRADUATION Benefits GOOD WORKING ATMOSPHERE AND FULL TIME LOCATION WILL BE MAROL NAKA AND SANDHURST ROAD FOR BOTH OFFICES Job Type: Full-time Experience: Sales: 4 years (Preferred) work: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	3
"Company Profile: Our client is a large, professionally managed Tour & Travels Organisation leaders in their field. Our clients are seeking to hire professionals having international ticketing experience. The selected candidates will be deputed to & based at travel desks of their customer's offices in Electronic City, Bangalore. Our clients offer excellent salary/perks as per industry norms & commensurate with experience. We have the following vacancy: Asst.Manager-Corporate Travel Ticketing: Job Objective: End-to-End activates of International Travel Management including Tickets Booking and Visa Process. 1. Understand the travel requirement of the client 2. Respond on calls and email as per TAT 3. Responsible for issuing international tickets 4. Knowledge of complex itinerary and transit visa knowledge 5. Should have full knowledge of reservations and ticketing process 6. Be a part of the corporate travel desk 7. Follow the set process for the assigned corporate 8. Seek necessary approvals before issuing tickets 9. Conduct quality check before ticket issuance 10. Ensure TAT is met while issuing tickets 11. Have strong 3 relationships to confirm seats 12. Issue error free tickets Candidate Profile: graduate with IATA / Diploma in Travel with 3-5 years experience in International Ticketing & Visa-Coordination. Must be working in Travel organisations or Travel Desks at Hotels or Corporate offices. Should have excellent communication & coordination skills Should you be interested in this assignment, kindly mail us your latest CV to koyal@impsmanagement.com along with the following information in the covering letter clearly indicating in subject Ref: International Ticketing-Bangalore: 1.Name of your current organisation:2.Your current designation: 3.Number of years hands-on experience in International Ticketing & Visa-Coordination: 4.Countries for which you have been issuing tickets: 5.Number of years hands-on experience in coordinating with 3s: 6.Your current job responsibilities : 8.Major achievements in your current assignment or in the last 2 years; 9.Your current CTC per annum (fixed + variable) :10.Your expected CTC per annum (fixed + variable): 11.Time required for joining our client organization (if selected): 12.Your willingness to be located in Travel-Desk of Corpoates based in Electronic City, Bangalore: YES/NO 13.Your contact (residence/office/mobile) telephone numbers:14.Your total number of years experience: 15.Your current city of residence: 16.Motivation to leave your current company : 17.Motivation to join our client organisation: 18.Availability dates for personal interview : Regards, Koyal M Impact HR Services"	3
"Responsibilities: 1.To ensure passenger comfort, the ground crew is responsible for all cabin services 2. Answering question and assisting passengers with various needs 3. Taking reservations and issuing tickets CONTACT HR 7024996173"	3
CALL HR SHRUTI 9899306567 Ground staff jobs Qualification: - Educational Qualification: 10th 12th / Graduate. Above Marital Status: Unmarried/Married. Age Limit: 18 to 27 yrs. Language skills: Fluency in English and Hindi.	3
"Job Description Under general supervision, interviews and recommends placement of candidates for entry level and experienced technical positions from both internal and external sources. Refers applicants for particular job openings, administers pre-employment tests, checks references and conducts exit interviews. Recruit qualified candidates for technical and/or highly specialized positions. Screen and interview candidates for open technical positions. Coordinates travel, relocation, reporting dates, security clearances and employment processing, including Visa?s. Job Requirements EDUCATION: Please contact your Human Resources Representative. EXPERIENCE: Minimum 3 years related experience. Advanced computer software skills. Good written and verbal communication skills; ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously. Sabre Corporation is the leading technology provider to the global travel industry. Sabre’s software, data, mobile and distribution solutions are used by hundreds of 3s and thousands of hotel properties to manage critical operations, including passenger and guest reservations, revenue management, flight, network and crew management. Sabre also operates a leading global travel marketplace, which processes more than US$120 billion of global travel spend annually by connecting travel buyers and suppliers. Headquartered in Southlake, Texas, USA, Sabre serves customers in more than 160 countries around the world."	3
"Job Description Sales Visits and regular follow-up with Agents / Corporate Distribution of product information among Agents / Corporate Company presentations and/or sales pitches to Agents/Corporate Market research about competitors Market research about General industry trends Generate sales opportunity / leads Sales planning Devise strategies to achieve periodic targets Prepare periodic sales reports (e.g. DSR, WSR etc.) and submit to Head Office through MIS Handle group queries with support from Operations / Head Office Personnel Skills 3 Sales with minimum of 2 years of experience Must be a diligent worker having strong co-ordination abilities Strong interpersonal and networking skills Excellent communication and presentation skills Send us your CV with a cover letter to: hr.coord@sticgroup.com"	3
"About the Company PropertyAngel is a leading Luxury property management company, with properties across Bangalore, Chennai and Goa. We are a young startup, but extremely fast growing, offering candidates a platform for exponential career growth. The office is based in Koramangala. As the city's leading Luxury Property Management firm, our portfolio covers units of top builders, such as Adarsh, Prestige, Mantri, Salarpuria, Shobha and more. Our clients are spread across the US, Europe, Middle East, South Asia. Our corporate networks span Honda, Mitsubishi, Singapore 3s, CMS, and more. Headquartered in Bangalore, we also manage units in Chennai, Goa and Delhi. Website: http://propertyangel.in JD: Assistant Property Manager–2-3 years, Koramangala We are looking for an Assistant Property Manager for our management company. Job Description: ============ You will be responsible for handling our properties across Bangalore, and performing the following specific duties: Inventory checks of our properties Managing maintenance activities across our properties Exit checks when tenants vacate. Finding and managing vendors, supervising and negotiating with them. Requirements: =========== Pleasant personality, confident and well-spoken individual. Very well organized Excellent written and spoken communication. Ability to communicate well in English Dedicated and hardworking individual with a passion and commitment to succeed, and attention to detail. Knowledge of Kannada important Education and Experience: Civil engineering graduate or who is looking for fast career growth. Candidates with 2 to 3 years of experience can apply. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹200,000.00 to ₹300,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Assistant Property Manager: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Required)"	3
"Job Description A Global Procurement Senior Sourcing Analyst provides professional supply chain management services to an assigned category and/or geography and is expected to demonstrate a thorough understanding of fundamental supply chain tools. S/he applies analytical, technical, and industry knowledge, standards and practices to complex projects. The Analyst is capable of building strong working relationships with business partners, professional peers, and other team members and operating level relationships with contractors, suppliers, and other external stakeholders. S/he is capable of working with limited supervision, is able to plan for and manage daily activities and also manage moderately complex projects/initiatives aimed at improving the efficiency of Global Procurement. The Analyst works closely with business partners to define business needs, conduct necessary analysis, devise appropriate approaches and solutions, and ensure the timely delivery of high-quality services or goods. S/he applies existing technology, procedures, principles, and analytical rules to routine assignments and is a resource for colleagues with less experience. Job Requirements Education & Experience Undergraduate degree Supply Chain Management, or related business field, advanced degree a plus 3-5 years professional work experience – including use of Supply Chain / Procurement systems Multi-national work experience (in-country or in a support capacity) a plus Strong analytic skills, ability to understand strategies and business-related concepts Robust understanding of financial indicators and ability to perform sound economic analysis (e.g., ROI, cash flow analysis, lease vs. buy, micro economics) Track record of contributing strategically to the broader needs and goals of the organization, as well as drive superior performance through hands-on, day-to-day management Ability to build rapport with and influence Senior Management Track record of successfully taking on more responsibility Demonstration of leadership capability including ability to mentor other team members Excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to prepare and deliver compelling business presentations Advanced organizational skills and ability to perform under pressure and in response to changing priorities Ability to promote highly ethical practice of the Procurement function Sabre Corporation is the leading technology provider to the global travel industry. Sabre’s software, data, mobile and distribution solutions are used by hundreds of 3s and thousands of hotel properties to manage critical operations, including passenger and guest reservations, revenue management, flight, network and crew management. Sabre also operates a leading global travel marketplace, which processes more than US$120 billion of global travel spend annually by connecting travel buyers and suppliers. Headquartered in Southlake, Texas, USA, Sabre serves customers in more than 160 countries around the world."	3
"At Deem, we create products that give employees everything they need to make better travel decisions, wherever they are. With the most intuitive, secure, and powerful travel solutions, companies save money, their employees stay connected, and everyone gets more done. That’s why more businesses are embracing Deem. Deem is used by more than 50,000 corporate customers and plugs into the world’s largest travel management companies and expense providers. The company is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, with offices in Bangalore, India and Dublin, Ireland. Deem is wholly owned by Enterprise Holdings, the world’s largest car rental provider, and an industry leader in mobility and technology. Enterprise Holdings is one of the top global travel companies, ranking ahead of all other car rental companies, many 3s and most cruise lines, hotels, tour operators and online travel agencies, based on its annual revenues. Role Description Review the idea or documents developed so far in regard to the Travel product Define procedures or standards, since he/she has the knowledge of what the right or best way to execute a task would be Define performance objectives, and determine acceptable performance levels Suggest enhancements in the idea or product or program for next phase design and development Analyze the pros and cons specific to the assigned product Determine acceptable performance levels Provide recommendations for product/idea/procedural improvements Understand the language/terms/jargon in his/her area of expertise Not only answer how things are done, but why Understand requisite knowledge that underlies effective decision-making and is able to describe where errors or flaws may occur in the decision-making for his/her area of expertise Act as the go-to person for questions and problems within his/her area of expertise Explain his/her area of expertise clearly to others and help/support Dev/QA in improving travel domain expertise. Review the functional coverage and help in improving the same Validate the requirements and deliverables that describe the product(s) or service(s) Bring in formation about the project/program/idea to the stakeholders (BA) Provide input into and/or create and execute user documentation and BA material Guide other BA professionals on the project/program to ensure the content is accurate Resolve issues relevant to project/program deliverable(s) within their area of expertise Obtain or provide approval for changes to rules, processes and policies Be able to lead client interactions and bring industry eminence to client relevant themes in ways that alleviate client’s pain points and create value Able to analyze customer incidents and improve the breadth and depth of the travel product. Strong working experience on GDS systems like Sabre, Apollo, Amadeus etc. Education & Skill Sets Required Bachelor’s in Engineering or MBA from a reputed university, preferably in Computer Science. 10+ years of hands on experience in travel domain. Worked on 3 systems from Sabre, Amadeus or equivalent, and on systems for Internet Booking, Ticketing, Reservations, Departure Control, flight operations, station management Worked in multiple transformation projects with the industry’s major players Deep expertise in marketing and loyalty analytical methodologies, CRM best practices and customer lifecycle management (CLM), to produce actionable insights from 3s’ customer data or must have been involved in project delivery in core 3 operational areas covering global distribution, modernizing reservations systems, Loyalty programs, ancillary sales or Maintenance. Must have been involved 3 transformation programs covering passenger experience, sales and Loyalty Advanced knowledge of industry best practices, business processes and solutions for commerce, reservation and customer relationship management Demonstrated expertise in Digital Front office and back office Transformation, depth in leading such engagements is a key requirement Specialization and certifications in CRM, Reservation systems and Loyalty areas Deep knowledge of 3 reservation systems such as of Sabre, Amadeus Expertise in developing and implementing 3 CRM strategy, Loyalty Solutions or Core 3 operations Knowledge of systems integration on Service Oriented Architecture platforms Knowledge of Travel Related Services, such as Travel agents, Hotels, Car rentals, train etc. General skills Candidate will have Transformation of business information to IT requirements and vice versa Strong communication and analytical skills, including financial and data analysis Demonstrated ability to deal with ambiguity, change in a fast-paced environment Demonstrated program management skills, with relevant certifications Understanding of Quality, Risk Management and Agile methodologies Demonstrated eminence on topics of loyalty and CRM amongst 3, travel or related industries Demonstrated thought leadership and original points of view on key issues pertaining to the industry globally"	3
"Mandatory Technical Skills: - 3 Domain (End to end Business and technical knowledge - Reservation, ticketing, loyalty, inventory, checkin,flight management, IBE etc )- HP ALM/QC- Test Design / Authoring- Test Execution- Defect Management / Coordination- Propose Test approach- Test Data ManagementOptional Technical Skills: AlteaSuite (CM, ARD Web)Automation QTP,Selenium,Open source tools3 LoyaltyMandatory Interpersonal Skills: - Excellent Communication / client facing skills- Accountability / Ownership skills- Team coordination- Go getter- Good at multitasking"	3
"Job Description Duties and Responsibilities Strategic Responsibilities Manage and guide a team of Officers, Consultant and DEOs/Trainees Operational Responsibilities Shift in-charge Maintaining all Reference Data required Ensuring that process are controlled and maintained as per timelines Client communication and follow-up Ensuring that quality and Time Line SLAs are maintained Quality checks on data entered in the system Ensure proper maintenance of records Competencies: Competencies required for the role Mandatory Desirable Technical/Functional Good typing skills (30 w.p.m), basic MS Word & Excel skills and basic reading and comprehension skills IATA knowledge ATPCO & CRS knowledge Soft skills, language proficiency, e-mail writing skills Telephone etiquettes Behavioral Team-spirit, attitude to learn and result oriented Team management skills Quality Related Follow Quality related instructions. Attain 100 % accuracy Any other Position Communication External Client Representatives Internal Team Leaders Project Manager Junior Officers / Officers DEOs/Trainees Required Qualifications Graduate (Any Stream) At least IATA (Basic) Qualified Qualifications Experience Around 2 years experience in any 3 related industry or in the Passenger Revenue Accounting Function. Security related responsibilities Senior Officer is: required to conform to the Information Security Policy, responsible for ensuring that data classification guidelines are followed and required controls are provided as required required to ensure their staff are working in a manner consistent with the Information Security Policy, responsible for reporting any security issue to the Manager, required to abide by the terms of the applicable legislation. responsible for escalating any unresolved security issues to the Manager, required to ensure they have familiarity with anti-virus measures and such software is being maintained with regular automated updates. required to report all security incidents Information Security Responsibilities required to conform to the Information Security Policy responsible for ensuring that data classification guidelines are followed and required controls are provided as required required to ensure their staff are working in a manner consistent with the Information Security Policy responsible for investigating any security issue that members of staff raise in connection with their work responsible for addressing unresolved security issues with the Information Security Officer required to ensure that staff have signed their contract indicating that they understand and will comply with the required legislation required to report all security incidents required to carryout disciplinary procedures as defined by HR"	3
"Assist with data base management, creating itineraries, handling booking and travel documentation Promote Our line B2B System For booking to travel trade partners Knowledge of travel products for Europe and others Designing Itineraries & Quotation including mapping and researching destinations Advices Places of Interest and Travel Routes Arranges Hotel Accommodation, Meals, other centers to book accommodation Salary: INR 2,00,000 - 4,00,000 P.A. Industry: Travel / Hotels / Restaurants / 3s / Railways Functional Area: Travel , Tours , Ticketing , 3s Role Category: Ticketing/Travel/Documentation Role: Operations Executive Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- PG: Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	3
NEED FRESHER CANDIDATES FOR Air LinesWe are hiring fresher candidates for Air lines Qualification - Minimum 12th passDepartment - Ground Staff Cabin crew 3s Candidate should have good communication skill Typing speed should be 15-35wpm Male Female both can apply If you are agree then contact our HR Shrishti singh08505877749	3
"Interior Designer/Architect (2+ Year Experience) - Part Time/Freelancer Job Summary Applicant should be from Design education background Should have mandatory 1 Years experience in the interior residential projects Have Good communication & presentation skills Should be flexible to work to meet business needs Have practical knowledge of Autocad, Google sketchup, V ray. Responsibilities and Duties Be capable of handling customers individually with creative designs as per company standards. Be able to do quick rendering as per customer specifications and provide information about interior accessories. Be able to educate customers about the competitive advantages of the products of the company. Be able to coordinate with the internal department to ensure smooth functioning of the project at each stage. Propose creative/competitive designs to the Management to obtain more business opportunities in the market. Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹60,000.00 to ₹150,000.00 /month Location: Hyderabad, Telangana (Preferred)"	4
"Research and season planning for occasion wear / ethnic wear Coordination with Sales team regarding best selling products and analysing fast moving designs Distribution of work to assistant designers Timely delivery of samples and production lot Presentation of collection and training of same to the sales team Products : Sherwanis / Achkans / Jodhpuris / Suits / Kurta/ Relevant footwear for all MRP finalisation as per given criteria. Documentation of all designs. Skills : Creative Pattern Cutting , Analytical Skills, CorelDRAW , Adobe Creative Suite ,Project Management , Microsoft Office , Training , Pattern Making Experience : Minimum 3 years with a menswear designer / Manufacturing Ethnic wear . Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	4
"Job Description We have an immediate requirement for a Web developer to work on a full time basis. You must have a wide range of skills and be fully confident in the following programmes. Programming Languages - HTML, CSS, JavaScript - Python - Django 1.11 (Web Application & REST API Development) Databases - MySQL - SQLite Softwares - Pycharm - Visual Studio 2017 - Postman - Putty - WinScp - Git Cloud - AWS EC2 - SSH Access to Cloud Machines Salary depends on experience and qualifications. Please send a CV with your application Thanks Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Experience: Wordpress: 3 years (Preferred) work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Interior Designer/Architect (2+ Year Experience) - Part Time/Freelancer Job Summary Applicant should be from Design education background Should have mandatory 1 Years experience in the interior residential projects Have Good communication & presentation skills Should be flexible to work to meet business needs Have practical knowledge of Autocad, Google sketchup, V ray. Responsibilities and Duties Be capable of handling customers individually with creative designs as per company standards. Be able to do quick rendering as per customer specifications and provide information about interior accessories. Be able to educate customers about the competitive advantages of the products of the company. Be able to coordinate with the internal department to ensure smooth functioning of the project at each stage. Propose creative/competitive designs to the Management to obtain more business opportunities in the market. Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹60,000.00 to ₹150,000.00 /month Location: Delhi (Preferred)"	4
"Communicate with client and C.R.M. before starting designing work To make all the designs and pass the same to the client and C.R.M. for approval Have meeting with client as per required Make site visits as per required or being called by supervisor for any technical defect Or distress situation Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹360,000.00 to ₹400,000.00 /year Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) Supervision: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"Dear Candidates, M/s Deviya Arch is one of the leading Engineering consultancy firm providing its consultancy to numerous of the Government Projects. wants to appoint the candidates for the following Jobs at their Mumbai Branch office - Interior Designer - The candidates who are proficient in designing and creating 3D Virtual presentation and who are willing to supervise the site and can hence move at the site location, temporarily, can apply for the Post. Note - The candidates in requirement of the Job need to post their Passport size Photograph adhered on their Self signed CV. Photo Identity card have to be send along with the CV. Thanks & Regards. Miss Zeba Riyane Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Required travel: 50% (Preferred)"	4
"Preparation of Retail structuring 2) Shop Facade Drawings along with board & branding 3) New creative ideas for Merchandising display 4) Preparation of BOQ Note Only Male candidate preferred Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Textiles / Garments / Accessories Functional Area: Architecture, Interior Design Role Category: Architectural Services Role: Architect Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Keyskills: ArchitectRetailInterior Designer Desired Candidate Profile Education:UG -B.Arch - Architecture, Diploma - Any Specialization, Architecture PG - Post Graduation Not Required Company Profile Kewal Kiran Clothing Ltd Kewal Kiran Clothing Ltd is one of the leading names in the Indian apparel industry today. With cutting-edge styles and international designs every new season, we've dictated the rules of fashion in men's clothing for a long time now. And with world-class brands like Killer, Easies, Pg3 Lawman and Integriti, it's easy to see why we are making our space in the global arena too. Coming back to India, our retail store chain, K-Lounge has already opened more than 65 stores in very short span of time. So if you want to be part of a company that considers big to be a size too small, keep reading"	4
"Search for and bid on new projects Determine the client’s goals and requirements of the project Consider how the space will be used and how people will move through the space Sketch preliminary design plans, including electrical layouts Specify materials and furnishings, such as lighting, furniture, wall finishes, flooring, and plumbing fixtures Prepare final plans, using computer applications Create a timeline for the interior design project and estimate project costs Place orders for materials and oversee installing the design elements Visit after the project to ensure that the client is satisfied Interior designers work closely with architects, structural engineers, mechanical engineers, and builders, to determine how interior spaces will function, look, and be furnished. Interior designers read blueprints and must be aware of building codes and inspection regulations. Although some sketches or drawings may be freehand, most interior designers use computer-aided design (CAD) software for the majority of their drawings. Many designers specialize in a particular type of building (home, hospital, or hotel), a specific room (bathroom or kitchen), or a specific style. Some designers work for home furnishings stores, providing design services to help customers choose materials and furnishings. Some interior designers produce designs, plans, and drawings for construction and installation. This may include floor plans, electrical layouts, and plans needed for building permits. Interior designers may draft the preliminary design into documents that could be as simple as sketches or as inclusive as construction documents, with schedules and attachments. hr executive jhanvi mahawar 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month"	4
"The candidate will be responsible for the end to end interior design solutions. Knowledge on construction design is an added advantage. Candidate should have relevant experience in the field. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Required) work: 2 years (Required) Auto CAD: 2 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"To develop conceptual Interior Design and Scheme for an office building with a capacity to seat 200 people.Development of design and details, furniture layout and designDetailing and planning of all services involved in projects."	4
"Job Summary You will be an exceptional designer with strong conceptual skills. You will be someone who is hard working or very keen to work on amazing high end (and high profile) residential. You will be managing and developing projects from concept stages through to final installation. As a Interior Designer at LN DESIGN, your responsibilities will range from client front end, brief understanding and validation to design projects development and coordination from concept to installation stages. You will work closely with Design Lead, Marketing team, Installation partners and suppliers in order to deliver to LN DESIGN customers the best interior design experience of their life. HR EXECUTIVE JHANVI MAHAWAR 9116137196 Responsibilities and Duties As part of the leadership team, you will work closely with the Business head and senior designers and project managers for project and studio deliverable. Develop designs for corporate interior projects, lead client presentations/pitches in the region and collaboratively manage the studio with the business head, You will also have added responsibility of supporting business development efforts and manage & pitches and design presentations. * Manage key clients projects working collaboratively with the Business development and Client Solutions teams. As part of the design leadership team, ensure the organisation has an effective training programmes and mentor and motivate the design team to ensure performance and design excellence. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Applicant should be from Design education background Should have mandatory 1 Years experience in the interior residential projects Have Good communication & presentation skills Should be flexible to work to meet business needs Have practical knowledge of Autocad, Google sketchup, V ray. Responsibilities and Duties Be capable of handling customers individually with creative designs as per company standards. Be able to do quick rendering as per customer specifications and provide information about interior accessories. Be able to educate customers about the competitive advantages of the products of the company. Be able to coordinate with the internal department to ensure smooth functioning of the project at each stage. Propose creative/competitive designs to the Management to obtain more business opportunities in the market. Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹60,000.00 to ₹150,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Search for and bid on new projects Determine the client’s goals and requirements of the project Consider how the space will be used and how people will move through the space Sketch preliminary design plans, including electrical layouts Specify materials and furnishings, such as lighting, furniture, wall finishes, flooring, and plumbing fixtures Prepare final plans, using computer applications Create a timeline for the interior design project and estimate project costs Place orders for materials and oversee installing the design elements Visit after the project to ensure that the client is satisfied Interior designers work closely with architects, structural engineers, mechanical engineers, and builders, to determine how interior spaces will function, look, and be furnished. Interior designers read blueprints and must be aware of building codes and inspection regulations. Although some sketches or drawings may be freehand, most interior designers use computer-aided design (CAD) software for the majority of their drawings. Many designers specialize in a particular type of building (home, hospital, or hotel), a specific room (bathroom or kitchen), or a specific style. Some designers work for home furnishings stores, providing design services to help customers choose materials and furnishings. Some interior designers produce designs, plans, and drawings for construction and installation. This may include floor plans, electrical layouts, and plans needed for building permits. Interior designers may draft the preliminary design into documents that could be as simple as sketches or as inclusive as construction documents, with schedules and attachments. hr executive jhanvi mahawar 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month"	4
1. Preparation of Client Design Build project 2. Preparation of working drawings 3. Interior design as per project requirement 4. Project Qualification and rate analysis 5. Coordination with internal Team and with clients Skills 1. Interior Designing. 2. Project Preparation.	4
"We are seeking a talented Interior Designer , to be based in Bangalore . You will be part of our design studio designing Corporate / Workplace and Home Interior projects. Working closely with the Design Head and the design team, you will be responsible for developing design concepts for corporate and home interior projects and leading client presentations/pitches as well as design management and coordination for projects. You will provide pre-design services which may include conducting feasibility studies or specifying the requirements the design must meet. You will work closely with the design team and manage the development of design successfully from one phase to the next, without compromise to quality, budget, or schedule. You will participate in project meetings and Client presentations as needed. You will provide quality control and review design documentation and schedule project team deliverable's. You will attend Client work-sessions and design reviews as required. You will travel for assigned project presentations, coordination meetings and site visits as required. What we expect You are an Interior Designer with excellent presentation skills with a minimum of 5 years of experience You have relevant experience of working on Corporate Interiors/Home design projects & managing a team You have a strong design sensibility and the technical ability to develop a project from concept to execution. You are a team player with a positive attitude to go the extra mile You have multi-tasking ability, with time management and organisational skills. You have a registered Diploma or Degree in Interior Design or Architecture You have an excellent knowledge of design tools such as AutoCAD, Sketchup, Photoshop, 3D Max You will subscribe to the company core values of Teamwork, Integrity and Excellence. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 5 years (Required) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Required) Language: English (Required)"	4
"MIRAASH CREATIVE STUDIOS @ KERALA & BANGALORE, HIRING 3D ARCHITECTURAL VISUALIZERS, HAVING HIGHLY SKILLED TEAM COMPRISED OF EXPERIENCED 3D GENERALISTS, ARCHITECTS, INTERIOR DESIGNERS ,ALL OVER INDIA WE ARE HIRING FREELANCER / EXPERIENCED /FRESHERS / INTERNS/ FOR OUR 3D ARCHITECTURAL VISUALIZING PROJECTS JOB ROLE - 3D VISUALIZER / FREELANCER / INTERN JOB DESCRIPTION- we are looking for a passionate and versatile 3D visualizer (preferably with a keen interest in technology) to join our team MINIMUM REQUIREMENT creative, determined, passionate and self-driven. BASIC KNOWLEDGE OF 3DS MAX, V-RAY, PHOTOSHOP, SKETCH UP, AUTOCAD, CORONA at least one working example that shows a strong sense of 3d, light, and color.excellent eye for image composition EXPERIENCED /FRESHER CANDIDATES FROM ALL OVER INDIA CAN APPLY LOCATION- KERALA - THRISSUR, KOCHI, KOZHIKODE, KOTTAYAM, TRIVANDRUM, KANNUR, KASARGODE, BANGALORE, CHENNAI, ANDHRA PRADESH. SEND YOUR RESUME & PORTFOLIO KERALA - 8606 749555 / 8137084033 BANGALORE - 7829802245 / 7829802243 INTERNSHIP FOR FRESHERS if your knowledge of the required JOB needs improvement, but your portfolio clearly shows you have 'eyes' for this job-we will help you to develop your skills. by internships EXPERIENCE CERTIFICATE & FREELANCE JOBS WILL BE PROVIDED AFTER INTERNSHIP Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Internship, Fresher Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"1. Job Purpose To ensure steady & timely completion of Piping 3D Models and drawings To prepare GA drawing, piping drawing as per the sketches / Reference 2. Key Responsibilities Timely completion of 3D models and drawings Identification of critical problems and work out with specified time Ensure error less 3D model and drawing 3. Qualification and Experience The candidate should be a B.E. (Mechanical) / Diploma in Mechanical Engineering from a reputed Institute having experience of more than 2 years, in Piping Modeling using SP3D. 2-10 years of relevant experience, mostly in the field of Oil & Gas / Refinery/Petrochemical/Chemicals sector, with large EPC companies or Engineering Consulting organizations. Must have min 2 years of hands-on experience in 4. Technical Competencies Thorough knowledge of piping drawings, piping isometrics, Piping standards, and engineering Excellent working knowledge in SP3D and Auto CAD 2D. Good understanding of piping Gas and related engineering documents. 5. Other Competencies Good in Communication Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Piping Design: 2 years (Required) SP3D: 2 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required)"	4
"Interior Designer with minimum 2 years of experience. He / she will be responsible for working on designs and will also be needed to visit sites for inspection from time to time as well as assist the sales and operations teams. Knowledge of CAD and Google Sketchup is essential along with basic knowledge of MS Office. Own two wheeler will be preferred. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Education: Diploma (Required) Location: Hyderabad, Telangana (Required) Language: Telegu (Required) English (Required)"	4
"Experience with front end development (HTML5/CSS3/JS/Jquery) Experience using project management tools to communicate across teams, prioritize projects and deliver timely results Work with User experience and visual designers to develop aesthetically beautiful and functional applications. Develop and lead testing on prototypes of web application features in conjunction with product managers and other developers and designers Build web applications with modern JavaScript frameworks. Create applications that work well across browsers and platforms, including mobile Participate in code reviews of your work and the work of others. Help to create and maintain Visual Style guides for Mobile and Web, driving the corporate UI/UX direction. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹240,000.00 /year Education: Bachelor's (Required) Language: ENGLISH (Required)"	4
"Job Summary You will be an exceptional designer with strong conceptual skills. You will be someone who is hard working or very keen to work on amazing high end (and high profile) residential. You will be managing and developing projects from concept stages through to final installation. As a Interior Designer at LN DESIGN, your responsibilities will range from client front end, brief understanding and validation to design projects development and coordination from concept to installation stages. You will work closely with Design Lead, Marketing team, Installation partners and suppliers in order to deliver to LN DESIGN customers the best interior design experience of their life. HR EXECUTIVE JHANVI MAHAWAR 9116137196 Responsibilities and Duties As part of the leadership team, you will work closely with the Business head and senior designers and project managers for project and studio deliverable. Develop designs for corporate interior projects, lead client presentations/pitches in the region and collaboratively manage the studio with the business head, You will also have added responsibility of supporting business development efforts and manage & pitches and design presentations. Manage key clients projects working collaboratively with the Business development and Client Solutions teams. As part of the design leadership team, ensure the organisation has an effective training programmes and mentor and motivate the design team to ensure performance and design excellence. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month"	4
"Job Summary Architect & Interior Designer Responsibilities and Duties Meeting New Clients as leads forwarded by sales team, Detail discussion with client, Site measurements, Give brief about client requirement to the design team, getting CAD plans & 3D from design team as per the clients needs, Follow up with clients, To give presentation to client, discussing BOQ with client, Co-coordinating with designers & Site Supervisors. Qualifications and Skills Technical Skills: Auto CAD Sketchup / 3d Max Revit Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹240,000.00 to ₹360,000.00 /year Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"GENERAL INFO: - 1) COMPANY BACKGROUND (ADITIANY INC): - Our area of design is very limited to the luxury sector of fashion and interior design (and thus machine embroidery/ digitizing is out of scope). We are a niche concept and our business caters to client like Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Saint Laurent, Celine, Alexander McQueen, etc. Hence we need this candidate to very effective. 2) Our Website : - https://www.aditiany.com/ 3) Job Location: - (Should be okay to travel to and around our office if they need to source new materials for their designs/research -but not expected to do this daily) OUR SUBSIDIARY: - MAHARANI EMBROIDERIES 3RD FLOOR, VICTOR HOUSE 142/C, N. M. JOSHI MARG, LOWER PAREL, MUMBAI- 400013 INDIA 4) Reporting: - TBD (INDIA OR NYC) 5) Office Hours – (Mon to Sat) specific shift(s) will be shared later. Please note during the Fashion Weeks across the world, the candidate may have to invest more time if there are any delays for any orders. SPECIFICS: - JD Detail for the Role of Creative Designer-Aditiany INC / Maharani 1) Job Knowledge and Expertise: - 5 to 7 years in Embroidery design with 2 Aspects listed below: - High Fashion Embroidery – Knowledge of Haute Couture. Embroidery designing is a specialized field within the fashion design industry. Unlike fashion design, which involves designing clothing, embroidery design deals with decorating articles of clothing, handbags, and other accessories with unique stitching or creative patterns and materials. We do clothing (wearable art), accessories and interiors. With an emphasis on creativity and innovation, our design team is constantly experimenting with unique materials and different techniques from around the world in order to develop a new and exciting collection each season. Knowledge of stitches/sewing techniques using materials like beads, sequins, metal, jewelry, plastic, vinyl, etc. is a must. Links are mentioned below to provide you with a quick idea of the possibility areas of hand embroidery, so please do your due diligence for each candidate. https://sewguide.com/types-of-hand-embroidery/ https://www.utsavpedia.com/motifs-embroideries/the-culture-and-future-of-aari-work/ https://www.culturalindia.net/indian-crafts/zardozi.html 2) Tasks: - The Creative Designer must complete various tasks in order to produce a finished graphic or embroidery (style / swatch). a) Internal Designs: - Assist with Prototype Development: - The Creative Designer will have to work on new swatch designs for our library. It is up to the Creative Designer to initialize a project by coming up with a general concept and presenting the idea with a rough layout that might include sketches or digital illustrations. At this stage, a Creative Designer might work with the President / Director, artists and other designers to evaluate the credibility of the design and to provide solutions for possible issues relating to the actual construction of this design. Once the design is shared by a client, a prototype/swatch must be created. The Creative Designer will once again collaborate with a team to ensure that the swatch/prototype is created within project specifications and facilitate the creative intelligence required. So if this candidate is computer savvy with graphic design skills & art, it will be great- Eg. Painting, sketching, Photoshop, Flash, Corel draw, etc. If not, then their embroidery knowledge is something we will check at the project design stage. b) External Design requests: - Our clients will send ideas across to us. The creative Designer will communicate with the client to get the best understanding of the ask. Then follow the same steps as above to quickly turn around the concept into a design. Time is of essence and we must beat the competition at this stage. DAILY TASKS INVOLVE: Producing artwork sketches, designs and samples for presentation to customers. Prepare visual samples / embroidery samples by designing art layouts. Making up sets of sample designs for our archives. Illustrates concept by designing rough layout of art and copy regarding arrangement, size, type size and style, and related aesthetic concepts. Obtains approval of concept by submitting rough layout for approval / WIP images / Final Images Prepares final design with Quality check and balances. Maintaining Aditiany historical data and reports Understanding clientele’s signature style. Liaising with clients, and the buying staff to plan and develop designs. Evaluating new requests and accurately interpreting and representing clients' ideas and working out design possibilities for samples Assessing and approving completed items and checking the quality standards Working independently or liaising closely with colleagues as part of a small team. Experimenting with art, color, fabric and texture Maintaining up-to-date knowledge of new design techniques for textiles, beading materials, etc. Developing new design concepts & ensuring that projects are completed on time Visiting stores, libraries and other sources of ideas for designs. creating new resource possibility for new fabrics and other materials at stores, trade fairs, markets and antique shops Keeping up to date and spotting fashion / embroidery trends / fabric design by reading forecasts in trade magazines, editorial and using internet resources/ Fashion shows. Managing client communication effectively. Understanding Client requirements and the ability to share that understanding across a team of embroiders and merchandisers Understand budget allocated for the designs and being cost effective. Very important as the candidate will price out the developments. Understanding sustainable fashion and compliance in materials. Prepares work to be accomplished by gathering information and materials. Plans concept by studying information and materials. Overseeing design changes and improvements throughout the development process. Integrating ideas and visual solutions into a design concept Ability to design and conduct workshops for the staff; review designs by merchandiser and beaders Participate in professional societies for design / client meetings. Vendor interaction for new materials. Getting solutions and by coordinating with outside agencies if required. Coordinate Services of Outside Vendors to coordinate and find new vendors to work with – like sourcing materials or specific kharigars. Oversee the final production of their designs Developing a network of business contacts High confidentially maintain at all times (our designs and client information is our property. Including no social media) 3) Skills : - Graphic Design Skills, Team work, Innovation, Layout Skills, Creative Services, Customer Focus, Creativity, Flexibility, Attention to Detail, Deadline-Oriented, Desktop Publishing Tools, Acute Vision, Strong communication skills, Coordination, management skill, time management, Multi tasking on various projects or clients. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹800,000.00 to ₹1,000,000.00 /year Experience: work: 5 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required) Licence: Fashion Degree (Required) Language: English (Required) Hindi (Required) Shifts: Mid-Day (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Required) Required Documents: Address Proof (Required) Passport (Required)"	4
"Job Summary Conduct training classes on Civil Softwares. Should posses knowledge in any of the following softwares: Autocad /3ds Max/ Staad Pro./ Revit Architecture/ MSP/ Primevera Should train and evaluate students and guide them in mastering the tool. Should have good communication and presentation skills. Must have a passion in sharing knowledge. Qualifications and Skills B.E / B. Tech Civil/ Interior designer/ Architect Experience: 0-3yrs Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: Autocad 3ds Max Staad Pro. Revit Architecture MSP Prime: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"We are a leading Healthcare & Hospital Consultancy Service Provider for many of the prestigious Hospital Projects in India and internationally. We offer expert services like Turn Key Hospital Planning & Designing (Architectural, Structural, MEP, Interiors) , Project Management Services, Specialist Hospital services – PMGS, OT, CSSD, Oncology etc., Equipment Planning & Procurement Services, Quality Assurance services and Hospital Information Technology Consultancy Services. Job Title : Architect cum Interior Designer Job Description : Hiring for an Architect cum Interior Designer with experience in medium to large sized projects in multiple sectors, preferably hospitals. Key Words : Architectural Design, Drawing, Interior Designer Key Responsibilities : Creating building designs and highly detailed drawings, using specialist computer-aided design (CAD) applications. Check feasibility and viability of the architectural design with respect to building bye laws, fire codes, environment laws, zoning laws. Liaising with construction professionals about the feasibility of potential projects. Specifying the requirements for the project. Working around constraining factors such as legislation, environmental impact and project budget. Writing and presenting reports, proposals, applications and contracts. Playing a major role in project and team management. Attending regular meetings with clients, contractors and other specialists. Making site visits to check on progress of ongoing projects. Work experience : Min – 3 years, Max – 5 years Annual CTC : As per industry standards, commensurate with experience. No. of Vacancies : 2 Location : Pune Industry : Healthcare Qualification : UG – B.Arch Profile : B.Arch with minimum 3 years of experience in handling Interior design, preferable in hospitals, hotels & residential etc. Candidate must have knowledge of designing, interiors, Auto-CAD & other appropriate design software’s. Must have strong visual awareness and an eye for detail, good drawing skills, with the ability to work in three dimensions. To meet client and present design options and approval etc."	4
Collecting all the necessary information from the Mall Architects and technical team Submitting Site Survey Report Area Locations Measured Layout Elevations Store Faade Photographs and Videos to the Principal Architects Client for necessary approvals before the actual designing process Preparing Architectural detailed layout design and work efficiently with multi disciplined Retail International Brand Projects Preparing detailed Architectural Floor Plans Ceiling Plans Sections and Elevations of Retail Stores Direct coordination with the service consultants for finalization of the design Prepare…	4
"REQUIRED INTERIOR DESIGNERS WITH MINIMUM 1 TO 2 YEARS EXPERIENCE FOR DESIGNING FIRM IN GOREGAON EAST. CANDIDATES STAYING IN WESTERN SUBURBS WILL BE PREFERRED EXPERIENCE IN INTERIOR DESIGNING KNOWLEDGE ON ARCHITECTURE DESIGNS GOOD COMMUNICATIONAL SKILLS Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: Architecture, Interior Design Functional Area: Architecture , Interior Design Role Category: Interior Design Role: Interior Designer Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- UG: Diploma - Any Specialization Job Type: Full-time"	4
"Job Description We are looking for Interior Designer. The job location would be mumbai- Dadar. The candidate would be working closely working promoters of the office. Job Title Architect (Interior Design) Qualifications B. Arch Or interiors Experience 6-10 yrs Reporting To Chief Architect Job Objective: Work on Interior design Projects as well as assist the Architecture Team in interior concepts for new project Job Description: (In Brief) Work on Interior design Projects as well as assist the Architecture Team in interior concepts for new project. Should have experience in handling and executing high end residential, Bungalow and commercial projects. Should be ready to travel on project basis. To attend Client meeting and understand the design Brief. Seek approval from the Client on design. Coordinate with various Consultants (MEP, Structures etc) and Contractor. Prepare BOQ and Cost Estimates. Check running bills and approve the same. Preparing snag lists and suggests rectifications as required. Ready to travel Would be closely working with the promoters of the organization Technical Skill Set Required: Should efficient in Autocad. Knowledge of Revit would be added advantage. Should be well versed with Presentation Softwares like Powerpoint and MS Office. Behavioral Skill Set Required: Should be presentable and fluent in English. Outgoing and confident to handle contractor and vendors. Send your CV to ritesh.sharma@wadiaengg.com Salary: INR 7,00,000 - 12,00,000 P.A. Industry:Architecture / Interior Design Functional Area:Architecture, Interior Design Role Category:Interior Design Role:Interior Designer Keyskills AutoCADREVITInterior DesigningArchitectureDesignMS OfficeInteriorsMEPBoq PreparationFluent Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Company Profile Wadia Techno-Engineering Services Ltd. www.wadiaengg.com Recruiter Name:ritesh sharma Contact Company:Wadia Techno-Engineering Services Ltd. Telephone:91-22-67339400 Address :raheja Point 1, Pt. Jawaharlal Nehru Rd.,, Vakola, Santacruz east Reference Id:Interior2 Website:http://www.wadiaengg.com"	4
"minimum 03 years experience in Interior Designing. Job Responsibility Work on Design Strategy & Product Development Take initiative in Product Development from Conceptualization to Production. Client meetings and preparing the Design Concept, Room Layouts in CAD, 3DS Max Salary:INR 4,00,000 - 6,00,000 P.A. Role Category:Interior Design Employment Type:Permanent Job Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- PG:Any Postgraduate - Any Specialization Expertise in handling multiple projects simultaneously. Excellent Communication Skill Passionate and Creative"	4
"Senior interior designers are responsible for developing, managing, and recording technical aspects of the project. They work closely with the project manager, design coordinators, and project teams on conceptual designs, presentations, design development, and production. Senior interior designers must be responsible for project deliverable, meeting overall project design schedules, as well as preparing and presenting design presentations. They must inform the project manager of any problems and attend meeting with the project managers. Senior interior designers must have strong organizational and communication skills. They must be able to work with coordinators, fabricators, and regulatory agencies to meet overall project goals. Senior interior designers also must be able to create graphic presentations, 3D renderings, and construction drawings. They must possess great verbal and nonverbal skills and be able to apply them in different situations. Most companies want you to possess a bachelor’s degree in architecture or design. Some companies allow candidates to substitute education with work experience. Most companies require proficiency in programs such as 2D/3D software, Auto-CAD, 3D Studio MAX, Photo-shop, In Design, and Illustrator. Senior interior designers may be required to travel, as well as work long hours when deadlines are approaching. Senior Interior Designer Tasks Create and present interior design concepts in response to client needs. Create estimates, schedules, and staffing plans to complete projects. Use software to design, sketch, and provide drawings of proposed projects. Work with clients to define project requirements and develop design criteria. hr executive jhanvi mahawar 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month"	4
"Jewelry CAD Designers (Several position open) Full time/Contract. Working for American company through Skype and File transfer. Must be an expert in both Rhino, ZBrush and Matrix, and have rendering experience. Please include portfolio of previous work. Will be expected to ""test"" to demonstrate proficiency. Requires strong fluency in writing/speaking English -Must be a strong communicator who can work with team partners via Internet. -Able to work during US Eastern Time zone, if needed -Must be well organized and driven to meet customer deadlines -Experience with both Bridal and Fashion products is a must Job Type: Contract Experience: CAD: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
Sketching according to our designer fabric. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Fashion design: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)	4
"About Contrado Imaging An independent medium sized fast-growing creative technology company, started from zero, built from the ground up since 2002. Taking advantage of consumer appetite for customisation, print on demand and digital design for mobile and internet audiences. Different to most organisations due to total fulfilment under one roof i.e. web design, web development, customer services, photo shoots, marketing, product design, production and product processing, providing fast turnaround premium product to consumers worldwide. This is not just a job, this is a culture of teamwork and friendship. You connect with and build for your team / community / audience. Bring your good positive attitude and join in. We are a company who is trying to achieve a culture and create an inclusive, positive and amazing atmosphere for both our customers and employees. www.contrado.co.uk / www.bagsoflove.co.uk + international FR / DE / USA / IT / ES / JP / NL / SE About the Team An already established DEV team following agile development principles including 2 week sprints, stands-ups, automated deployments, multiple staging environments. You will be joining a team of 13 including senior developers, UX/UI designers, devOps, QA and project manager. Using multiple technologies hosted with AWS What you will be doing: Create fully annotated UX specs to guide design and dev Collaborate with development, Design/Marketing, project management and customer facing teams to design & prototype product experiences that solve customer needs Acquire user data (e.g., conducting usability studies, performing user research) to inform design. Prototypes, Wireframing, Sitemaps, Customer journey patterns, content hierarchy Support and input to A/B testing plans Knowledge of responsive design and usability for all devices Software: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe XD / perhaps Invision Essential Skills – Abilities Experience in Qualitative and quantitative research Experience collaborating and gathering requirements from different stakeholders E-commerce / large scale application experience Demonstrate problem resolution ( through case studies of his work ) Experience 2+ years of experience as US designer Qualifications and training required Degree Educated Benefits Enjoyable atmosphere, fast-paced, fun, and creative environment Competitive salary to skill level with potential 10-15% overtime bonus 50% preferential staff discount Employee of the month bonus Pension scheme Referral scheme (gift vouchers) 28 days holidays including bank holidays (up to 35 depending on years of service) Free fruit, bottomless ground coffee and fresh orange juice Ongoing training; online, internal, conferences and books Team outings, BBQ's, events We have created a great culture of teamwork and friendship through hard work and positivity. We enjoy an inclusive, fun atmosphere, and we seek individuals who thrive in that environment. We offer flexibility, concise decision making and less hierarchy. If this works for you, apply now for this copywriter job opportunity. The Company - Contrado Imaging Ltd Contrado, is a rapidly expanding custom lifestyle, fashion and home-ware Company. We are seeking another talented person to change how lifestyle products are designed, made and bought. Out technology driven Company was founded in 2002. Now we are a diverse team of 120 people in West London designing and making a variety of sought-after creative clothing, gift and home products. We design, print & make products on demand in London. We sell direct to consumers through our websites, with expanding worldwide reach. We’re growing fast. That’s where you come in. www.contrado.co.uk/ www.bagsoflove.co.uk+ international sites in FR / DE / USA / IT / ES / JP / NL / SE / IE / AUS and many more. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) UX Design: 2 years (Preferred) Location: Ahmedabad, Gujarat (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Job Summary -Photoshop Designing* -good content writing skills Responsibilities Designing layouts of communications such as presentations,leaflet, pomplette, newsletters, event support materials, and brochures content writing skills for retail products Think creatively and develop new design concepts, graphics, and layouts Skill Set: Proficient with Microsoft PowerPoint AdobePhotoshop content writing skills Illustrator InDesign Adobe Premier Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Candidate should have complete knowledge of Corel Draw, Adobe illustrator and Adobe Photoshop must. 1, and Designing agency experience preferred. Brimming with creative ideas Candidate should have superior designing and visualizing expertise and to convert briefs into visually engaging layouts. Should have worked on Creative 1 campaigns, print ads, brochures, mailers, digital outdoor media. Perfect knowledge of artwork, printing and digital printing will be an added advantage. Responsibilities and Duties Creating 1 Campaigns Visualising & Layouting for Print, Digital & Outdoor Media Brand Logo Development & Brand Extensions Brand Packaging & Brochures and Event Layouts Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Corel Draw, Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop Perfect Knowledge 1 / Branding Agency Experience preferred 4 colour separation Artworks Image editing Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Photoshop, corel draw: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Job Description : Should be good in HTML,CSS, CMS [ Wordpress,joomla,etc] Managing the content & uploading the content on daily basis Managing website content & Advertisement, Newsletter campaign, etc….. Would be actively involved in website maintenance Should know to designing web Banners, Responsive newsletter, other online marketing materials, Optimizing Web for speed & SEO Would be an added advantage Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: High school or equivalent (Required)"	4
"required architects and draftsmen for architectural firm based in moga and ludhiana Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) architecture and Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Prepare and develop Urban Design and Master Plan drawings, reports and strategies Collaborate with other team members and external Consultants IT literacy in standard industry software including AutoCAD, Microsoft Outlook, MS Word and MS ExcelHe/she shall be responsible for developing conceptual urban design and landscape plans , drawings and GADs, for urban planning and urban transport Projects and local area planning for pedestrian projects, accessibility improvement plans, NMT project"	4
"We are Urgently Looking for Senior Interior Designer or Interior Designer. As the Senior interior designer you will be responsible for managing the design functions on projects as assigned including liaising with the clients and other departments. This position requires creativity & artistic talent, good organizational, time management and communications skills and a committed individual who is able to translate their design experience and ideas in response to the challenges of this large-scale development. Responsibilities and Duties 1. Meet with Client to determine Requirements & Needs. 2. Design & Create solutions ( Plans & Specifications). 3. Develop presentations which may include drawings, renderings, perspectives, color and material boards. 4. Prepare working drawings and specifications for implementing the design (Including materials, work and furnishings. 5. Consider materials, effects and costs,arrange samples and prepare specifications. 6. Collaborate with professional and technical consultants. 7. Manage a team of designers & draftsman for the technical details and guide them on all design matters. 8. Preparing the scope of work and timeline for team and drawings and conceptual details. 9. Check drawing packages before issuance to owners and site. 10. Following up preparing the material list, sample boards. 11. Anticipating design work to be produced, time frames and resources needed as realistic programs. 12. Follow up preparing of working construction shop drawings and coordinate with the structural drawings. 13. Follow up and Coordinate between factory and production Manager and the client representative at all the steps of the project from initiation step till handing over including monitoring and following up any expected variations to insure that the design had been followed by all parties. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Candidates must have a Bachelors Degree in Interior Design. Minimum 3 years experience required. Should have managerial skills to manage the design department. Should be a team player. Should be an effective leader. Should have knowledge of AutoCAD, 3D max and photoshop Candidate should be experienced in designing commercial Offices, restaurants, retail outlets. Feel Free to reach us on given below contact number. Simran Singh 7042818092 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh (Preferred)"	4
"We at Civil Arcade Engineering Services have opening for below positionsl for our upcoming projects: - 1.Architect Preparing and presenting design proposals to clients Advising clients Producing detailed & scaled drawings Preparing drawings according to the Standards Should have experience in AutoCAD, Revit Architecture,Sketchup, 3ds Max, Lumion ,etc Should have experience in Interior Design Seek new work by marketing and giving presentations Candidate having experience in High Rise Buildings, Hotels, Hospitals will be added advantage Educational Qualification : - B.Arch /M.Arch (B.E / B.Tech strictly not allowed) Software Skills : - AutoCAD, Revit Architecture, Sketchup, 3ds Max, Lumion etc Experience : - 5+ Years Location : - Hyderabad No. of Positions : - 01 (One) If you feel you are suitable for the above positions, share your Resume for shortlisting Job Type: Full-time Experience: Architectural Design: 5 years (Required) Structural Design: 5 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Hyderabad, Telangana (Required) Language: English, Hindi, Telugu (Required)"	4
"The Architect is the one who Design and Detailing of Commercial Interiors, IT, Corporate Material and Finishes selection Key Accountabilities Sketching, Ms office, Sketchup, Acad, Etc Design scheme & Presentation from concept to evaluation of forms. Design developments, Interior and exterior detailing. Client communication & Presentation skills. Services Coordination. Qualification Required : Bachelor of Architecture / Bachelor of Interior Designer No.of Working days : 6 days in a week & alternate Saturdays off Job location : Hyderabad(Masab tank) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design and Architect: 3 years (Preferred) work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Hiring Architect / Interior Designer / Architectural Planner with Min 6 months exp on auto cad . MakeMyHouse Company is a leading Service Provider of Residential & Commercial Services including best architects, civil engineers, interior designers based in Indore , Madhya Pradesh . Intersted Candidates call us on 9131200165 0731-6803936 Interviews from 17th May - 25th May Only ... Hurry up Walk-in Interview : Block - A , 206 Corporate house, Opposite Lemon Tree Hotel, RNT Marg Indore Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications CAD draftsman with relevant experience in residential planning , Layout designing ,Client handling and a sound knowledge of vastu Auto Cad / Drafting / Planning Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Architecture & Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) Location: Indore, Madhya Pradesh (Required)"	4
"Prepare and presenting proposal and designs to clients ,advising clients ,preparing detail drawings and attending regular meetings with clients , Contracter S and , other specialist, coordination works of and making site visit to check on progress , we looking for head architect , junior architect and interior designer Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹400,000.00 /year Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Head architect: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred) Required Documents: Aadhar Card (Preferred)"	4
"SOLIDWORKS Knowledge is must Elementary knowledge of Mould and Die a must Experience and fresher both are welcomed Onnivative and self motivated only contact me Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"An Interior Design & Office Furniture Manufacturer Company Located at A-611 Crystal Plaza Premises, New Link Rd, Jogeshwari West, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400053 (Direct Share Auto from Jogeshwari Station) Required Interior Designer (Diploma in Interior Designer) Should be Good at Auto CAD & Google SketchUp Good at English Preferable From Western Suburbs (Female Only) Contact No. 9820596811 Job Types: Full-time, Walk-In Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Working in tandem with team members throughout the creative process, from concept generation to final implementation. Prioritize work on multiple, simultaneous tasks under tight deadlines, emphasizing creativity, attention to detail, and efficiency. Understanding of commercial & Residential layouts. Good in sketches and drawings. Working on interior designs, 3d floor plans and Elevations on Sketchup and vray Working on Architectural 2d plans as per clients requirements without compromising on aesthetics. Coordinating with clients and understand their requirements. Make necessary site visits for explanation to the clients Stay up to date on new software or design concepts. Salary: INR 1,75,000 - 3,50,000 P.A. Industry: Architecture, Interior Design Functional Area: Architecture , Interior Design Role Category: Architectural Services Role: Architect Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time You should have strong verbal and written English communication skills, ability to convey complex ideas effectively and efficiently. You should have minimum 2-3 years experience in residential interior design and Building elevations. You have strong understanding and demonstrated aptitude of design principles. You should have extreme attention to detail and no-compromise attitude towards quality. You should have excellent knowledge of Sketchup and Vray, Knowledge of Lumion and 3ds Max are a plus. You should have a registered Diploma or Degree in Interior Design or Architecture Education- UG: Any Graduate - Any Specialization, B.Arch - Architecture, Diploma - Any Specialization, Architecture PG: Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	4
"Senior kitchen Designer Opening for experienced modular kitchen designer should knowledge about kitchen software like KCDW, KD MAX, AUTO CAD Good communication skill. Knowledge about excel. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Kitchen Design: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"1. 3D Designing for POP work (In shop display systems, floor standing units, table top display etc) 2. Brochure / Flyer designing as required 3. 3D Max / Photoshop / Illustrator experience must 4. Min. 1-3 years experience Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) 3D Max: 1 year (Required) Graphic Design: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Rybbon is looking for a creative UX/UI engineer with a passion for design and making products more easy to use. This is a great opportunity to join early a US-based, fast-growing SaaS company that is changing how businesses put the power of gifting to work. Who We Are: Rybbon is a US-based SaaS platform for marketers to send & manage global e- gift campaigns like Amazon or Visa e-gift cards. Marketers love how Rybbon makes it easy to deliver gifts to hundreds and thousands of recipients. Rybbon is the only integrated gifting partner for the top marketing & survey platforms - SurveyMonkey, Marketo, HubSpot, and Qualtrics. Rybbon has grown rapidly to more than 1000 customers with 5-star ratings on G2 Crowd and Capterra. Rybbon is based in Washington DC, USA and in Calicut, Kerala, India. Learn more at www.rybbon.net. Responsibilities and Duties Our Stack Front End: jQuery, HTML5/CSS3, Bootstrap Back End: Node.js, Sails.js Data Store: MySQL / Amazon Aurora Cloud: Amazon Web Services (AWS) Key Responsibilities: Understand product specifications and usage by Rybbon customers. Conduct usability testing and report results to management Design interfaces and workflows that make the product easy to use. Develop wireframes and prototypes around product specs and user needs Creative workflow designs and address usability problems. Work with UI engineers to implement attractive designs. Create graphics and icons necessary for the Rybbon application website Maintain Rybbon Wordpress site. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Proven experience as a UX/UI designer 3-5 Years of UX/UI design experience Proficient in design software (UXPin, Balsamiq, Photoshop, etc) Working knowledge of HTML/CSS Love for learning new things and teaching others about them Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Design. Excellent communication skills Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: UX Design: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"Description: - Graphic & Product Designing Requirements: >Possession of creative flair, versatility, conceptual/visual ability and originality >Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio >Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas >Up to date with industry-leading software and technologies (In Design, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Photoshop etc) >Highly proficient in all design aspects Key Skill: - Photoshop ,Illustrator ,GIF Animation ,Infographics,Video, Corel Draw, Dreamweaver Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: CSS: 3 years (Preferred) graphic design: 3 years (Preferred) Photoshop: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Need a graphic designer keen to learn Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) photoshop: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Hiring for a client: Job Description: Oversee the end-to-end design of all current and future projects Influence design led thinking across the business Take a lead role in managing the design and creative elements of projects and be point of contact for internal and external stakeholders Build systems and communication tools to seamlessly collaborate with all internal partners throughout the design, planning and buildout process Manage the design team and freelancers as required Develop a high-performance team through supervision, training, coaching, and mentoring Optimize productivity and continuously improve the design team’s production capabilities Lead concept development in relation to design and creative outputs Ensure that design and creative projects are delivered on time and to budget ensuring commercial success Provide quality control over design outputs and production Establish and develop best practice with the design and creative team Work with other verticals such as the Sourcing and Project and Facility team to deliver projects and activity against deadlines Serve as design expert advisor to support the Management team by providing early input for scope, cost and timeline assumptions as new locations are reviewed Job Requirements: 4 - 10 years of experience leading a team of interior designers and/or architects Professional degree from an accredited program required. (Design or Architecture) Masters level degree preferred Excellent organizational and communication skills and the ability to manage multiple projects Knowledge of layouts, graphic fundamentals, typography & limitations of online and offline design work The ability to storyboard or translate ideas to designers and others, influencing external and internal stakeholders Attention to detail A strong working knowledge of online and offline design, brand development and the creative process Ability to lead design projects from concept to completion Ability to supervise and develop employees reporting to you Experience with software including Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign, AUTOCAD etc. Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing At least four years experience in a senior designer role including concept development and client contact Strong leadership, business development and communication skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹600,000.00 to ₹1,000,000.00 /year"	4
"Designing Of wedding karizma Album Design, photo editing Etc. Exp 1 years Location- Ambernath.(kalyan) Contact: 7738685281 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹6,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Photoshop, corel draw Karizma Album Designing : 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹6,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Architectural Draughtsman, Interior Designer & 3D Visualizer having knowledge of Designing, Planning, Working Drawing, Area Calculation, Liasoning with Clients, Engineers etc., Going to site and all other details and requirement needed for a smooth execution of the project. Responsibilities and Duties Key Responsibilities: Understanding Client's requirement (design taste and site challenges), Handling of Project from start to end while Coordinating with interior Design Team. Knowledge of Working Drawings/Technical Drawings & Co-ordination of same at site for Execution Modelling, lighting and texturing 3D layouts of the client site as per the design finalized between the Design lead / Sales and the client stakeholders * Qualification : Interior designers usually need a bachelor’s degree with a focus on interior design. Skills : In-depth knowledge of furniture systems and finishes Demonstrated understanding of basic principles of space planning Able to develop and present design concepts AutoCAD proficiency required Requirements : Expertise in layout, colour, lighting, materials selection, custom furniture and all installations. Proficient in Auto Cad, Sketch Up, 3D Max, Illustrator or other design programs Excellent portfolio of previous works Creative talent, imagination and eye for design Communication and presentation skills Project management skills * Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month * Experience: Interior Design: 3 year (Preferred) work: 3 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month"	4
"Responsibilities: - Candidate should have minimum 8 years of experience in interior designing and have knowledge about client handling and client meeting and to convert client as per requirement and should have proper knowledge making budget estimate and have excellent communication skill. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) work: 8 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Design residential and commercial buildings.Make plans, elevations for the projectsPrepare and modify plansPrepare working drawings during construction stage.Good working knowledge of CAD, Google Sketch-up."	4
"As a designer taking in charge of the complete project from sketching till execution. It covers sketching, designing, detailing, Coordination with client, contractor, consultants and Vendors. Attending a meeting with clients/contractor in the office or site. Ensure Project handling professionally. Dealing with the client, contractor, consultants or Vendor in writing or speaking professional way. Follow the guidelines as per Design Head or Principal architect or HR. Client/Contractor/consultant/vendor meeting or site visit will be as per respective party availability and technical demand. * Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Preferred) Required Documents: Address Proof (Preferred)"	4
"pi is seeking to appoint a Senior Designer with 10 to 12 years of experience, in its Mumbai office. This position will also involve liaising with the European and New York offices as and when required. The Senior Designer should have experience of major international branding and visual identity projects in food, drinks, healthcare and or pharmaceuticals (and other categories) and, with the Chief Creative Officer, the Mumbai Office Head (MOH) and others, will ensure the effective delivery of the strategic and creative output of the pi brand in Mumbai. The Senior Designer will have excellent client presentation skills and be a team player, who can in the future direct the junior and mid-weight designers and a production team as well as work with the Mumbai Office Head to help build their portfolio of clients and the portfolio of brands within each. In addition, the role will involve working with and being directed by senior creatives in London and NY. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹1,000,000.00 to ₹1,400,000.00 /year Experience: work: 8 years (Required) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required) Language: English (Required)"	4
"Job Summary Dear Candidate, Greetings from Retail Detailz India Pvt. Ltd.(RD)! We at RD are currently hiring for the position of Interior Designer. Responsibilities and Duties Please find the JD below for the same: Undertake design project from concept to completion. Interpret and translate customer needs into rough plans. Set costs and project fees according to budget. Research and decide on materials and products sourcing. Produce sample and mood products. Supervise work progress. Coordinate with various Consultants (MEP, Structures etc) and Contractor. Research and follow industry changes, evolutions and best practises. Source products, e.g. fittings, furniture, lighting, finishes, decoration and dressing, and provide samples for clients. Make presentations of concepts to be used in the project, structures, interiors, setting project schedule, estimates, BOQ, design concepts, lay outing. Prepare detailed working drawings, designs, plans, models and schemes, often using computer-aided design (cad) software. Qualifications and Skills Skills Required: 3 to 4 yrs of relevant experience of having worked on first cut, layout drawings, elevations & GFC with Architecture & interior Designing firms on Commercial / Retail and Hospitality Projects. Should have excellent communication skills & capability of coordinating with clients, consultants, site coordinator & vendors. Expertise in layout, colour, lighting, materials selection, custom furniture and all installations. Proficient in AutoCAD, SketchUp, 3D Max, Illustrator or other design programs Creative talent, imagination and eye for design Communication and presentation skills Project management skills Only Mumbai candidates can apply Job Type: Full-time Experience: Interior Design: 4 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Location: Mumbai (Required) Language: English (Required)"	4
"# Candidate should posses’ hands on experience on designing application like 3ds Max, Corel Draw, Photoshop. # Should be able to re-create/design artwork. # Should have knowledge of exhibition stall designs, domestic and international. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Qualification: A bachelor’s degree is usually required, as are classes in interior design, drawing, and computer-aided design (CAD). A bachelor’s degree in any field is acceptable, and interior design programs are available at the associate’s-, bachelor’s-, and master’s-degree levels. Salary : negotiable Location ; around Chennai Working hours: 8 hrs Exp: min 5 yrs - 12 yrs Interior designers typically do the following: Search for and bid on new projects Determine the client’s goals and requirements of the project Consider how the space will be used and how people will move through the space Sketch preliminary design plans, including electrical layouts Specify materials and furnishings, such as lighting, furniture, wall finishes, flooring, and plumbing fixtures Prepare final plans, using computer applications Create a timeline for the interior design project and estimate project costs Place orders for materials and oversee installing the design elements Visit after the project to ensure that the client is satisfied Interior designers work closely with architects, structural engineers, mechanical engineers, and builders, to determine how interior spaces will function, look, and be furnished. Interior designers read blueprints and must be aware of building codes and inspection regulations. Although some sketches or drawings may be freehand, most interior designers use computer-aided design (CAD) software for the majority of their drawings. Interested candidate can apply Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹60,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary 24-60 months of working experience with Wordpress Theme Design. Should have in-depth knowledge about HTML. Should have in-depth knowledge of CSS. Hands on experience in Responsive. Sound knowledge of Boot Strap Design. In-depth knowledge of WORDPRESS. Should be able to develop Word press design from own idea. Responsibilities and Duties 24-60 months of working experience with Wordpress Theme Design. Should have in-depth knowledge about HTML. Should have in-depth knowledge of CSS. Hands on experience in Responsive. Sound knowledge of Boot Strap Design. In-depth knowledge of WORDPRESS. Should be able to develop Word press design from own idea. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 24-60 months of working experience with Wordpress Theme Design. Should have in-depth knowledge about HTML. Should have in-depth knowledge of CSS. Hands on experience in Responsive. Sound knowledge of Boot Strap Design. In-depth knowledge of WORDPRESS. Should be able to develop Word press design from own idea. Benefits WE DO NOT CARE ABOUT DEGREES, WE ARE NOT THERMOMETER. Salary is not a bar for the suitable candidates. Good Environment in the office. Experience: From 2 years to 5 years Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Education: High school or equivalent (Preferred) Location: Kasba, Kolkata, West Bengal (Preferred) Language: English (Required)"	4
"Rs. 15000 - Rs. 20000 Below 10th Corel Draw, Photoshop, Etc Designing Of Gold Coin Card, Bags, Banners, Etc Fresher/ Experience Ghatkopar West Designing Of Gold Coin Card, Bags, Banners, Etc Job Type: Full-time"	4
"Job Description We are a leading manufacturer of Speciality Chemicals like Industrial Biocides, Preservatives and Hygiene Products like Disinfectants, Sanitizers and Cleaners. We cater to over 1000 Corporate Customers in Industrial & Institutional Segments and are supported by over 20 regional distributors. We are looking for two “Graphic Designers / Creative Artists” to join our Marketing Team located at Mahim - Mumbai. If you are an expert in Adobe Products like “Photoshop” – “Illustrator” – “After Effects” – “Premiere”; you are our ideal candidate. We are looking for candidates to join us in permanent employment, who has 1 to 3 years of working with a professional organisation. Please do note that preference will be given to candidates from “Greater Mumbai Metropolitan Region” (MMR), and candidates who are available for immediate joining. If you believe that you are really good at what you do, and have a flare for creativity, please do get in touch with us as soon as possible. Meet our Managing Director @ www.linkedin.com/in/ashpax Add us @ https://www.linkedin.com/in/join-paxchem/ Visit us @ http://www.PaxGroup.com Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary OceanAir travels is the fastest growing travel & tourism agency in the UAE, as well as the top ranked online travel service provider on the leading International Online portals. Responsibilities and Duties Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering Testing and improving the design of the website. Conceptualize original website design ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex roadblocks Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to communicate interaction and design ideas Present and defend designs and key deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering Testing and improving the design of the website. Conceptualize original website design ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex roadblocks Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to communicate interaction and design ideas Present and defend designs and key deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders Degree or Diploma in Graphic Design Job Type: Full-time Experience: Web Designing: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Kochi, Kerala (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	4
"Job Descriptions: - 1. Excellent knowledge of HTML5,CSS3, Responsive Design, JavaScript, jQuery. Command over tools like Dream weaver, Photoshop etc. 2. Should have expert creation of high-quality designs, graphics, UI/UX Design. 3. Awareness of recent trends in UI Design, and has a good sense of colors combination. 4. Should be able to collaborate with developers on UI design Design knowledge of creating Responsive website using CSS framework like Bootstrap, Foundation etc. 5. Knowledge of any JavaScript framework will add extra advantage. Experience: 6 months to 2 years Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Direct walk in -Bright Roots Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. E-302, Vista Tower, 5th Floor, Phase- 8A, Sectro-75, Mohali Landmark- CS Soft Solutions. Time- 11:00AM- 05:00PM Call- 01722237449, 7696407336 for more details. Thanks & Regards Bright Roots Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Work with interior design team to develop design solutions Research concepts and materials to support design team on technical issues influencing concept development Work within timely schedules to coordinate the completion of tasks through to final project completion Conduct on-site observations and provide recommendations to help streamline ongoing design projects Prepare and participate in client presentations Select furniture, materials, decor and finishes while keeping within budget In-depth knowledge of furniture systems and finishes Demonstrated understanding of basic principles of space planning Able to develop and present design concepts AutoCAD proficiency required JHANVI MAHAWAR HR EXECUTIVE 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month"	4
"Job Summary He/she must be good enough to do interior designs for commercial and residential works. Looking for talented designers to enhance their skills right from designing and monitoring the product to customer satisfaction. Responsibilities and Duties Conceptualize new design ideas on-par with the global standards Coordinate with suppliers, labour for execution of projects. Designing 2D and 3D plans using Infurnia/Sketchup/3DSMax Understanding the pulse of client interms of layout design, colour, lighting, materials selection, custom furniture and all installations. Taking site measurements (if required) Preparing Autocad and 3ds max Vray drawing, furniture drawings with technical details work execution at workshop and site Customer interaction. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 1. An active listener. Paying attention to your client’s every need to deliver their dream home 2. Selling design should come naturally to you 3. You should have strong visualization and conceptualization abilities 4. Passionate about colors, shapes, architecture, 3Ds and all things related to design 5. You follow websites/ magazines/ blogs that help you stay updated on design trends and improve your skills 6. You can communicate impeccably in English, be it verbal or written 7. Your Visual Design skills are unmatched and indisputable 8. You have an eye for detail. Nothing escapes your scrutiny. No design detail goes wrong under your supervision 9. You are self-motivated to be the absolute best at what you do 10. Design is your life but you also dabble in sports or arts or music or any other hobby to keep yourself stimulated. Benefits -Flexible timings -Work from home Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹400,000 to ₹600,000 /year Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹400,000.00 to ₹600,000.00 /year Experience: Interior Design: 3 years (Required) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Required)"	4
"Architect Interior Designer should be good in residential boutique houses , should be good in detail drawings , Auto cad , 3d Max , can handle projects and clients individually Job Type: Full-time Experience: Interior Design: 3 years (Preferred) work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	4
"About the Role: Execution of branding/social campaigns along with team members Will be working closely with the design team Servicing team for timely & successful delivery of projects To think and translate briefs from the client, into creative ideas Will report to Lead Designer/Design Head. Responsibilities: Work closely with the Strategy team to understand the design requirement and provide ideas and concepts for various graphic elements. Basic video editing capabilities like titling, content cut, colour correction. Working on creative briefs to come up with eye-catching designs Conceiving brand ideas & visualizing campaign Editing videos (Preferred) Requirements: Bachelor’s Degree with 2 – 3 years of experience in Graphic Designing Good Communication Skills Strong Illustration and sketching skills Proficiency in design software’s Experience in designing motion graphics Thorough knowledge of Adobe After effects, Flash, Illustrator, Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro, FCP, Go Animate. Applied arts background preferred Looking for candidates from agency background. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹216,000.00 to ₹540,000.00 /year Experience: graphic design: 1 year (Preferred) Photoshop: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Scope: Continue to build training capabilities and infrastructure A company culture that values training must invest in infrastructure. Without the right tools and standards, even the best programs can lose steam. In our case, this includes an LMS, a great company university, and the standards and skills needed to create our own training materials. Develop and curate training materials courses You will develop and design learning experiences to include traditional instructor lead learning, e-learning and video courses, other learning aids, tools, and resources that promote an overall creative and interactive learning experience for our employees. All other duties as required by the Learning and Development Manager Job Type: Full-time Experience: Videography: 1 year (Preferred) LMS, E-Video: 1 year (Preferred) Camtasia, Articulate and Captivate: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Job Responsibilities: - Should be well versed in concept drawings , detailed technical drawings, and Rendering work. Manage development of design successfully from concept to execution. Work on multiple projects. Participate in Project meetings and client presentations, as required. Review of design & documentation and project schedule. Timely follow ups on project deliverables and Client management Travelling for assigned projects, site visits and client presentations. Skills: Interior Designer with excellent presentation skills with minimum experience 2 years or above. To be Well Versed in conceptual and technical understanding in range of interior and architecture work aspects. Should possess relevant experience of working on Showrooms/Corporate Interiors/Lifestyle projects. Should possess a strong design sensibility and the technical ability to develop a project from concept to execution and project delivery. Team player with a positive attitude to go the extra mile. Should be proactive and self starter. Should be well versed in English and Regional languages. Software knowledge: Any of the following softwares AutoCad, Photoshop, Illustrator, Coral Draw, Sketchup, Revit, 3ds Max,Autodesk Salary: As per the industry standards Industry: Architecture, Interior Design Functional Area: Architecture , Interior Design Role Category: Interior Design Role: Interior Designer Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Civil, B.Arch - Architecture PG: Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Job Type: Full-time"	4
"I am looking for a junior interior designer and Architect who is looking for an opportunity to prove his/her skills in interior designing. I am also open to give opportunity to a fresher/1-2 years experienced candidates. Job Requirement: Draw, Design and Build a concept looking interior for a women's Beauty Parlour & Massage center which is about to open (1800 sq ft area). I am looking for someone who can come up with smart ideas where we can get good quality output (unique ambiance & pleasant interiors) in very low budget. Upcoming Interior designers and Architects can take this as an opportunity in building their bright career. Job Type: Temporary Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Required) Architect: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	4
"Job Summary The Designer/Architect will be responsible for end to end solution of both Commercial and Residential interiors. ** Responsibilities and Duties Responsibilities and Duties Conduct thorough site analysis, build concepts and develop innovative designs. Produce detail drawings and specifications. Create estimates and Coordinate with Clients and Vendors Visit sites to understand Client's requirements Prepare presentations - 2D and 3D. Qualifications and Skills Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Interior Designers with minimum experience of 6 to 7 years. Ability to convey complex ideas effectively and efficiently. Must possess sound technical knowledge strong design aptitude. Proficient in MS-Office, AutoCAD, Photoshop and Sketchup. Excellent communication skills Leadership role to handle team of 2 and more. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹35,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 6 years (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"1. Understanding client Requirements Confer with client to determine factors affecting planning interior environments, such as budget, architectural preferences, and purpose and function. Advise client on interior design factors such as space planning, layout and utilization of furnishings or equipment, and color coordination. 2. Conceptualize the design Conceptualize and develop designs which meet clients requirements / standards / norms. 3. Obtaining approval for the drawings Ensure that the drawings are up to the quality standard of the company and meet client requirements and sign and seal the same. Ensure that the drawings are approved by the clients. 4. Site supervision Responsible for smooth progress of work at site in all respects. 5. Make regular project related follow-ups Make regular follow-ups with vendors, consultants and clients to ensure timely delivery of materials and collection of information. Keep the track of the stages in design drawings Checking and ensuring that the drawings / design are executable 6. Documentation Responsible for arranging site documentation and design documentation for future reference as per standards. Preparing formats for the same and responsible for accuracy of all the data put in them 7. Pricing & Product knowledge Must have and update thorough knowledge of various building norms, material specifications, market costing & basic knowledge of Services (Electrical, Plumbing and H VAC works) and overseeing all relevant data on the same coming from sub-contractors. Estimate material requirements and costs, and present design to client for approval. Subcontract fabrication, installation, and arrangement of carpeting, fixtures, accessories, draperies, paint and wall coverings, art work, furniture, and related items. Formulate environmental plan to be practical, esthetic, and conducive to intended purposes, such as raising productivity or selling merchandise. 8. Detailing Responsible for the overall quality and detailing of all building items constructed to attain the desire architectural perspectives including site and landscaping works 9. Coordination Responsible for interaction with service consultants and architecture team for designing and execution of project. Share their ideas with the designing team to facilitate the execution of project. Responsible for joint coordination with civil engineers, interior designers and 3D designers to streamline the project. 10. Communication Interact regularly with who all involved in project Keep the Project coordinator abreast with the project developments and send daily / weekly reports to him hr executive jhanvi mahawar 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month"	4
"Hello, We are looking for Graphic Designer who can design creative and unique design and who is expert in Adobe. Min 1 Year Work Experience Required. Thanks Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Are You Creative and Have a Passion for Design Work? We are looking for skilled designers to work on creating, designing and formatting PowerPoint slides and other documents. You will format and design PowerPoint slides for multinational companies and international business consultants by making design edits and formatting text, as necessary. You will transform rough, boring, slides into visually pleasing, easy to understand ones. Requirements You will be assigned to a team working on customer projects. You will: Design, produce and format PowerPoint presentations from rough PPT slides, hand drawn sketches, Word documents, emails or images. Create pleasing and effective tables, diagrams, graphs, icons, templates etc. within PowerPoint, as per customer requirements. For this, have a thorough knowledge of the customer’s brand guidelines so that all your work adheres strictly to these. Communicate (mostly through emails, but sometimes through phone/skype calls) with global customers to understand their project details and expectations. Do rigorous, consistent, quality check of every slide deck before it is delivered to the customer Chillibreeze NEVER misses a deadline. It will be your responsibility to ensure that deadlines are consistently met every time Key Skills Basic knowledge of PowerPoint, and know how to layout and format text and images. Knowledge of fonts, colors and color theory, typesetting, vector/ raster images, image file formats, image resolutions etc, would be a bonus. Intermediate knowledge of Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator would be nice to have. Should be able to express yourself well in writing and know the basics of business email etiquettes. Have a ‘do what it takes’ attitude to serve our customers. We expect you to be totally reliable. Reliability is one of the key to our success and punctuality is one way to demonstrate this value and is expected of everyone Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹18,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Education: High school or equivalent (Required) Location: Shillong, Meghalaya (Required) Language: English (Required)"	4
"To handle Customized Designer Garments orders. Update new inventory. 2+ years of an experienced person can apply. Our products - Designer garments for women, men & kids. Business Profile: B2B & B2C Business Online Business. Our Companies: www.mayloz.com www.zaasmart.com www.infozium.com We are into E-Commerce & Digital Marketing Business for the last 6 years. We have two offices in Surat. Job Type: Part-time Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Fashion design: 2 years (Required) Location: Surat, Gujarat (Required) Language: Hindi, English (Required) Required Documents: Aadhar Card (Required)"	4
"Job Summary Need a 3D Max designer with excellent rendering and modelling skills, having minimum 3 years exp in modelling interior and furniture products. AUTO CAD skills are a must. Also animations skills and knowledge of other similar softwares would be a plus. Compensation will be at par with industry and as per level of excellence. Responsibilities and Duties 3D modelling of furniture products and interior projects along with photoshop skills Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 3d Max and Auto CAD proficiency Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month"	4
"Job Summary We are 25 years old reputed 1 Agency with complete setup to meet clients need. Our services vary in Print Media, Online 1, Website Development, Outdoor 1 & Events. He/She will be fully responsible for managing website of several clients, right from development to modification. He/She will be creating various websites. He/She should working as a team member & execute the job independently. Need to work responsibly & complete the task within stipulated deadlines. Responsibilities and Duties He/She will be fully responsible for managing website of several clients, right from development to modification. He/She will be creating an Dynamic website. He/She should work as a team member & execute the jobs. Need to work responsibly & complete the task within stipulated deadlines. Qualifications and Skills Candidate should have Knowledge of WordPress, HTML5 with CSS, Jscript, jQuery, PHP, Bootstrap, Photoshop. He/she should be able to design & develop website independently. He/she should have the knowledge of current trends. No salary constraint for right candidate. Benefits Rs.17,000 PM + Deposit Bonus + Leave Bonus + Diwali Bonus + Guaranteed increment post 6 months Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹17,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required)"	4
"Job Summary IMMEDIATE OPENING... WE ARE HIRING NOW! We want to add an awesome User Experience Designer to our team to envision and create the next generation of user interfaces. We are not crazy after qualifications or certificates, what we are craving for is your creative skills. This position is preferably for someone who prefers to work on products and enjoy working flexible hours. Self-discipline is a must. Experience level: 1-3 years(application design & interaction design) Location: Gurgaon Salary commensurate with experience SKILLS: Adobe XD and/or Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator, zeplin THE COMPANY: Rocket Media is a technology product company, founded in 2012, had its first product ‘TweetSecret.com’ with a foreign partnership in Hollywood & Delhi. This position is for our new Partnership and Product in Food-Tech industry. We are in process of moving our base from Delhi to Gurgaon (Udyog Vihar, Phase-1). HOW TO APPLY? Include your LinkedIn Profiles. Details of your current, previous employments. Tell us something about yourself, where are you from, your current accommodation. Attach link to your portfolio. Please make sure you mention your current CTC and notice period. Responsibilities and Duties RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO: Build wireframes and storyboards, user flows and sitemaps to conceptualize design. Develop intuitive, usable, and engaging interactions and visual designs for mobile & desktop. Collaborate with cross-functional teams throughout the design process Participate in the development process from definition, through design, build, test, release, and maintenance. Stay abreast of UX trends and look for creative ideas and inspiration in parallel analogous worlds. Research and track advancements in application design patterns. Break any design problem down into viable actionable chunks and solve them with clarity and precision. Staying in the loop and on top of the latest standards, changes, trends in the mobile design field. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications REQUIREMENTS: Open to infrequent short-term travels (To US, for customer research) Valid passport holder The ability to refine other people ideas and come up with new ones to create a highly designed visual experience. Deep understanding of Apple and Android interface design guidelines. Solid UX Skills in designing wireframes, process flows, sketches, scenarios and navigation models all * * * incorporating interaction guidelines for Mobile to produce effective design solutions. Independently manage time, prioritize, manage multiple projects and meet tight deadlines. Create standards, style guides, specification documents to support visual design system that gets delivered to the customer. Work with web developers and engineers to deliver the final product. Benefits WHAT'S IN FOR YOU: Flexible working hours. A delectable stock of snacks and beverages in office. Open office culture with a small lean team. No dress code. ESOPS on the table. No HR- just be self-disciplined. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Location: Gurgaon, Haryana (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary We are a corporate event management company based in Andheri West Mumbai check our website : www.seventeenevents.com We are a small team of 12 dedicated and motivated people The Design Team usually has 2 people, one of who is exclusive for graphic design for our events As a 3D artist and graphic designer you'll need to listen to clients (via the CS team) and understand their needs before making design decisions The handling of the company's Social Media accounts is also done by this person Responsibilities and Duties You'll work on a brief agreed with the client, production head or BD manager and will develop creative ideas and concepts. The appropriate media and style has to be chosen to meet the client's objectives. A graphic designer works on a variety of events and activities, such as Conferences, Product launches, exhibitions. For these a 3D layout will have to be created and the creative content will also need to be made such as backdrops, standees, invites etc Research the best looking stage, stall and other event design from across the world and us this as inspiration for our next designs for our clients Help CS team to make pitch ppts with 3D designs, ppt layouts and stunning imagery Create Posters, emailers, invites, backdrops, stendees and other event related artwork for clients Handle all social media platform for the company including creating content and copy for the posts Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Work experience in the event management industry will be an advantage The work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of industry software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. Keen Knowledge of the following: 3D design (Google Sketchup or others) Graphic design Adobe Illustrator Adobe photoshop Corel Draw Knowledge of Social Media platforms like LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook Apart from technical and drawing skills, you will need to show: passion and enthusiasm for design, with a creative flair a flexible approach when working in a team; time management skills and the ability to cope with several projects at a time; accuracy and attention to detail when finalising designs; being open to feedback and willing to make changes to your designs; Benefits Mentoring by senior members of the CS, Production teams apart from the Directors of the company Opportunity to win Employee of the month and incentives on great performance Work in a very friendly, young and fun environment Opportunity to be sponsored for a course to upgrade knowledge in a software Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Designing: 2 years (Preferred) work: 2 years (Preferred) Social Media Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Language: English (Preferred)"	4
"We are looking for a senior interior designer for our firm. who can manage residential/commercial interior projects. Candidate should have proper and deep knowledge about interior and have excellent communication skill. Responsibilities & Duties: - Candidate will be responsible for developing, managing, and recording technical aspects of the project. They work closely with the project manager, design coordinators, and project teams on conceptual designs, presentations, design development, and production apart from that they should have to fix meetings with client and have to meet the client and have to give proper presentation and have quality to convert client as per their demand and requirements. Thanks & Regards Intellize Team Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"If you’ve got a keen eye for design and always have your finger on the pulse of industry trends, then we want to hear from you. Our firm is interested in hiring an experienced Interior Designer to work at our local client site. The Interior Designer will be part of a collaborative team of Engineers, Architects and Design Assistants. The successful candidate will provide design team leadership in all project phases from initial development to completion and assist in the design and documentation of interior spaces. The responsibilities and duties section is the most important part of the job description. Here you should outline the functions this position will perform on a regular basis, how the job functions within the organization and who the job reports to. Work with interior design team to develop design solutions Research concepts and materials to support design team on technical issues influencing concept development Work within timely schedules to coordinate the completion of tasks through to final project completion Conduct on-site observations and provide recommendations to help streamline ongoing design projects Prepare and participate in client presentations Select furniture, materials, decor and finishes while keeping within budget. hr executive jhanvi mahawar 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month"	4
"Job Summary Very Urgently Required for Reputed Company in Kuwait Country: - ** Position : AutoCAD Modular kitchen designer in modular kitchen industry. - (Skype Interview Selection) Experience: 2- 4 years experience as Interior Designer. Nationality: Indian Salary : 200-350 KD ( as per the experiences) ** Responsibilities: Drafters typically do the following: Design plans using computer-aided design and drafting Software. Work from rough sketches and specifications created by engineers and architects. Help design products with engineering and manufacturing techniques. Candidate should have experience in Residential and commercial projects , should have experience in Autocad 2D, 3D , 3D Max , Google Sketchup , Site Supervision & Coordination, Kindly send us Cv's, Passport copy, Photo, Experiences certificates at : rajiyainternational gmail.com Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 to ₹60,000.00 /month Experience: Kitchen Design: 3 years (Preferred)"	4
"Job Description: Duties and responsibilities Must be an excellent visualizer. Should be able to observe, research and Design an experience across devices. Excellent knowledge of Typography. Excellent knowledge of color theories & concepts. Good skill for iconography in raster & vector formats. Good skills in image editing & graphic design. Collaborate with UX Designer to bring out the optimal visual experience. Collaborate with UI Developer to bring out optimal functional experience. Review the application for optimal experience at various points to provide course correction. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹900,000.00 to ₹1,500,000.00 /year Experience: Visual Designer: 4 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"We are looking to hire a site engineer urgently. We are a group of architects doing development work of villas in the price range of 3.0cr each. Each villa is completed in about 10 months. This is neither a corporate job nor a desk job. This job is also not about being part of a large staff group. This is more about an individual -- capable of multi-tasking & being the sole person responsible of completing villas & requires a hands-on job at the site. If you feel that you can assume this role & be the task-leader, Pl read on. Should be capable of handling high-end villas from start to finish. Site locations in Bangalore. Experience reqd in quality control, bill checking, measurements, material order, maintain material inventory, manage work force, implement time schedule, coordination with architect, coordinating & extracting work from all sub-contractors, handling payments, crossing hurdles etc. Civil engineer graduate preferred with 3-10 years experience. Salary/benefits vary with experience & performance. If you are a pro-active person capable of analyzing problem & solving the problem, rather than complain about problems, please reply & apply. Small company -- great challenges - immense opportunity to grow. More info about company at www.dwarecodesign.com If you feel that you are the right person for this job, pl let us know if you would like to attend an interview in Bangalore. Call Anitha at 9916329119 EMAIL YOUR RESUME TO CLEARLY STATE YOUR CURRENT SALARY & EXPECTED SALARY Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Assist the senior graphic designer in creating branding, sales and marketing collateral for clients in a range of industries – this could include corporate brochures, posters, signage, pop-up stands and logos etc. Ensure all artwork produced meets the needs, requirements and brand values Assist in the creation of digital design work, including display banners, website mock-ups and infographics Help to produce internal sales and marketing material to promote the agency and generate sales Relevant Skills: Degree in graphic or web design preferable Good working knowledge of the whole Adobe Creative Suite A passion for creating stunning visuals Strong organisational and communication skills Up to date knowledge of the latest design trends Creative flair and a good eye for detail Strong portfolio which shows experience with a range of programs and materials An understanding and familiarity with UX design would be a bonus Experience in a sports brand is preferable but not essential Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"Brainstorming project ideas,complete design drawings & assist in reviewing project proposals Creating proposals & complete construction paperwork for projects Assisting with initial project research & outlining project schedules and tasks Salary: INR 7,00,000 - 10,00,000 P.A. Industry: Real Estate / Property Functional Area: Architecture , Interior Design Role Category: Interior Design Role: Interior Designer Keyskills Design Interior Designing Interior Architecture interior architect interior technical architect interior tech architect interior solution architect interior solution architecture Architecture architect Desired Candidate Profile Please refer to the Job description above Education- UG: B.Arch - Architecture PG: Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required Company Profile Flair Aloft HR Services LLP We are an executive search firm catering across all industries View Contact Details + Recruiter Name: Ms. Mansi Pandya Contact Company: Flair Aloft HR Services LLP Telephone: 022-28964116 Reference Id: FA/Jr Architect"	4
"Candidate having good typing speed and must have MS office skills. Good Communication skills Interested Candidates can directly apply h Company Web site-- szindia.com Salary-14000 to 26000 per month For more details please visit our-Company Web site-- szindia.com Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Fresher, Walk-In Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Min 5+ Years of Experience preferably in Oil and Gas, Engineering company or Industrial Gas business segment). Skill Tool : AutoCad & Microstation (Mandatory) with SP3D or PDMS. Job Type: Contract Salary: ₹250.00 to ₹500.00 /hour Experience: instrumentation: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"JOB OVERVIEW JOB TITLE: Interior Designer DEPARTMENT: Design Development LOCATION: Prabhadevi, Mumbai REPORTS TO: DGM - Design Development YEARS OF EXPERIENCE: 6+ CTC: As per Industry Standards JOB PURPOSE The post holder must be a highly experienced and technically sound interior designer responsible for managing multiple projects ranging from small to large sized projects of basic to complex scope with minimal supervision including full architectural solutions in coordination with an architect. ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES Oversees selection of interior finishes, furnishings, artwork and interior signage Responsible for space and furniture planning; furniture procurement Leads presentations and communicates design concepts using appropriate software, i.e. Autocad, Photoshop, Sketchup, 3ds Max, Revit Oversees assembly of material finish boards for presentations Prepares contracts and proposals for interior design services Produces construction documents and specifications Providing Specifications of materials and generation of BOQ Coordinates internally with project Architect, Manager and Director to work with outside project consultants Meets with clients and attends planning and construction meetings as needed Meets with suppliers and vendors Oversees the organization of the Design Library as needed Provides quality control for all interior design projects (e.g., finish drawings, details, specifications, FF&E packages…etc.) Qualification Interior Design degree required from any reputed college Versed in current healthcare trends and design concepts Strong interior healthcare design skills Experience of Commercial projects will be an add-on advantage Proficient in standard industry softwares like Autocad, Photoshop,Sketchup and 3ds Max, Revit Coral Draw will be an added advantage SKILLS & ABILITIES Possesses leadership ability Good written and verbal communicator Motivated and passionate about design Work as a contributing Team member and mentor Promote use of technologies to capture efficiencies and advancements Exhibits strong professional, inter-personal skills and a positive attitude; excellent communication skills"	4
"To purchase the given list of things for the same you need to understand the different kinds of materials and fabrics ,purchase them each day for the regular work. Follow-up the work assigned each day Managing & reporting basic cash accounts Job Type: Part-time Job Type: Part-time Experience: FASHION DESIGN: 1 year (Preferred) Language: ENGLISH,HINDI (Required)"	4
"Job Summary call hr 7598121905 we are looking for intern,part time and full time candidates we prefer only NADAR community candidates we provide permanent and life time jobs with good hike in salary and in the location of your choice need to design need to be on time We are seeking a new Graphic Designer to join our team. You will be designing a wide variety of things across digital and offline media. To become as one of us, we look for, if, you’ll be an initiator, capable of delivering brilliant creative ideas, and show amazing attention to detail. We are addicted to designers who throw their designs as narrating a tale without letters. Responsibilities and Duties need to attain target as early as possible need to be pro active Meeting with clients to determine the scope and concept of a project Along with creating images that identify a product or convey a message, selecting colors, images, text style, and layout are also important. Presenting the designs to clients, incorporate changes recommended by the clients into the final design and finally reviewing designs for errors before printing or publishing them Qualifications and Skills need to have some leadership skills and any Benefits as per performance Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹6,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month"	4
"Job description - Graphic Designer Job Description We are hiring Senior Graphic Designer with 4 yrs of experience. In this role of Sr. graphic designer, you will work onsite in our Mumbai office. In order to contribute quickly, your creative skills should include 4+ years of print design, web and visual graphics work. This is a design position taking projects from concept to completion. Need to feel comfortable with conceptualisation, designing, coral draw, Adobe Creative, Photoshop, production and have strong knowledge of print media. Responsibility & Skills: Experience with Adobe Creative Suite 5 - Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign (All design software) Prepares work to be accomplished by gathering information and materials. Obtains approval of concept by submitting rough layout for approval. Prepares final layout by marking and pasting up finished copy and art, Print creative design Comfortable generating unique creative solutions Ability to manage time while working on multiple projects simultaneously Artworks for Social Media applications Designing banners/posters for marketing team Brochure Designing, Designs for website updating Prepare images to coincide with social posts, blogs and web/mobile pages. Assist with website and other social media update of images, banners, designs as required Assist with collateral updates and version control Creation of various logos for products Must be proficient in basic design programs including Adobe Creative Suite and knowledge of video editing software. Ability to work independently and complete assigned tasks within identified time frames Organized, dependable and detail oriented Team Player Quick Learner and Efficient High sense of urgency Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹200,000.00 to ₹384,000.00 /year Experience: Graphics Design: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required)"	4
"We looking for a Graphic Designer to join the creative team. The Conceptual Designer will utilize strong conceptual thinking and design knowledge, developing new and forward-thinking ideas to deliver ground-breaking campaigns to constantly excite and amaze their clients. The successful candidate will need to be highly creative and have a real passion for what they do. They will be ambitious, motivated and confident and able to see the vision of what needs to be delivered to make the creative department flourish in order to support the company's vision, mission and objectives. They will need to display a real passion for the job and the work and have strengths in creative and digital design, commercial studio operations, and relationship building. Key deliverables on a daily basis - Design and develop website, design web banners and social media posts, design event backdrops and banners, design web mailers for multiple campaigns, design posters and all visual communication for events, added plus if you can do 2D design of exhibition stands and artwork. We are very keen to see your work during the interview stage and candidates will have to undergo a design test during this process. Key Duties & Responsibilities include: Create and present innovative concepts for client campaigns; taking lead in all design projects from concept phase, right through to completion, and have the technical skills to prepare the final layout for production Consult with the client and client-facing internal team members to determine the scope, liaise with external suppliers Take the helm in ensuring adherence to all corporate protocols and visual identity guidelines and assure quality and adherence to corporate brand standards of the final product before release Work alongside the event teams to further services, review and benchmark external creative service providers Learn about the company's creative budgeting process and gain experience costing projects Maintain the high level of satisfaction of services provided Demonstrate the company's values in professional relationships and reinforce those values through the work delivered Maintain a high level of knowledge and skill with all industry standard software and be a self-starter in developing new skills; keep abreast of all new developments in design and creative presentation techniques and bring new ideas and concepts to the department Personal Qualities A creative thinker and strong conceptual designer with multi-channel experience Ability to think broadly around a client's communication need, with good understanding of working to strategic ends Ability to conceptualize creative concepts and recommend cost-effective creative solutions Can-do attitude and able to create exceptional creative solutions on budget from a variety of briefs Experience of data visualisation, concept development, presentation and pitching Experienced in UI/UX development, web design Video editing and copy-editing a plus Highly proficient in industry standard applications such as, Adobe Creative Suite and of Microsoft Office Demonstrated ability and experience to plan, organize and manage multiple projects Buzznation is an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate based on race, religion, gender, age, sexuality, gender identification, or physical ability. Apply now About Buzznation Buzznation is a global events and events technology company based in US, UK and India. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹500,000.00 to ₹600,000.00 /year Experience: Designing: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Job Description: Work with our Engineering team to understand and gain end-to-end knowledge in Robotics, IoT, VR and other next generation technologies.. Prepare the curriculum and design storyboards to convey technical concepts in easily understandable text and illustrations. Create content aimed at target age groups of 7+, 9+ and 14+. Create questions to evaluate students’ skills in each domain. Collaborate with the animation team to make the storyboard contents get developed into 2D/3D animated videos. Manage the entire project cycle starting from analysis with the engineering team, designing the content, implementing the storyboard contents with the animation team, reviewing the video and incorporating changes based on feedback. Review and test new and revised curriculum offerings from other team members, providing feedback and suggestions for improvement; contributes to new curriculum or program ideas. Qualifications and Skills Requirements: 2-3 years experience in designing, developing and implementing interactive e-learning content/courseware in the education sector. Proficiency with multimedia authoring tools such as Adobe Presenter, Adobe Captivate, Microsoft PowerPoint, Articulate Storyline or others. Good Technical Knowledge in STEM domains. Ability to convert technical or complex information and concepts into easily used and understandable text and illustrations. Ability to creatively visualize and communicate concepts in varied learning styles. Strong verbal, writing, and listening skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Instructional Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"About Contrado Imaging An independent medium sized fast-growing creative technology company, started from zero, built from the ground up since 2002. Taking advantage of consumer appetite for customisation, print on demand and digital design for mobile and internet audiences. Different to most organisations due to total fulfilment under one roof i.e. web design, web development, customer services, photo shoots, marketing, product design, production and product processing, providing fast turnaround premium product to consumers worldwide. This is not just a job, this is a culture of teamwork and friendship. You connect with and build for your team / community / audience. Bring your good positive attitude and join in. We are a company who is trying to achieve a culture and create an inclusive, positive and amazing atmosphere for both our customers and employees. www.contrado.co.uk / www.bagsoflove.co.uk + international FR / DE / USA / IT / ES / JP / NL / SE About the Team An already established DEV team following agile development principles including 2-week sprints, automated deployments, multiple staging environments. You will be joining a team of 13 including senior developers, UX/UI designers, devOps, QA and project manager. Using multiple technologies hosted with AWS Overall Purpose of the role This is a technical role requiring the construction of webpages/templates/components from UI mock-ups with UX in mind. Needs to be up to date with technologies and not rely only on frameworks such as Essential Skills: SASS, LESS Flexbox HTML5/CSS3 Photoshop/Illustrator SEO best practice Website performance Schema Latest trends Source Control (SVN/Git) Having been involved in a large custom web application (not WordPress or other mini templates/projects) Material Design/Bootstrap Experience Minimum 7+ years of experience. Benefits Enjoyable atmosphere, fast-paced, fun, and creative environment Competitive salary to skill level with potential 10-15% overtime bonus 50% preferential staff discount Employee of the month bonus Pension scheme Referral scheme (gift vouchers) 28 days holidays including bank holidays (up to 35 depending on years of service) Free fruit, bottomless ground coffee and fresh orange juice Ongoing training; online, internal, conferences and books Team outings, BBQ's, events We have created a great culture of teamwork and friendship through hard work and positivity. We enjoy an inclusive, fun atmosphere, and we seek individuals who thrive in that environment. We offer flexibility, concise decision making and less hierarchy. If this works for you, apply now for this copywriter job opportunity. The Company - Contrado Imaging Ltd Contrado, is a rapidly expanding custom lifestyle, fashion and home-ware Company. We are seeking another talented person to change how lifestyle products are designed, made and bought. Out technology driven Company was founded in 2002. Now we are a diverse team of 120 people in West London designing and making a variety of sought-after creative clothing, gift and home products. We design, print & make products on demand in London. We sell direct to consumers through our websites, with expanding worldwide reach. We’re growing fast. That’s where you come in. www.contrado.co.uk/ www.bagsoflove.co.uk+ international sites in FR / DE / USA / IT / ES / JP / NL / SE / IE / AUS and many more Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 7 years (Preferred) UX: 7 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Location : Govandi Jon Description : illustrator experience is must Creativityindesigning,theabilitytovisualiseconcepts. ProficientwithbasiccomputerliteratesuchasAuto-cadwith2D,Basicphotoshopandsketchup. Abilitytobuildthe designsthatwillcompletetheneedsofclients. Handrenderingforviewandconceptdrawing. Responsibilities and Duties Creating Architectural drawings, drafting & presentations by using Prepare Architectural Drawings for clients as per their requirements with help of Engineers. Prepare Interior designs and details for kitchens, interior furniture details for offices & residences. Visit client location for preparation of floor plans as per actual site measurements. Working Onsite with technicians/Engineers for real time changes in CAD Drawings. Knowledge of prepare 2D & 3D for the buildings, office using Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹18,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"We are looking for an artful Interior designer to undertake a variety of space designing projects. You will deal with design from conceptual development and liaising with the stakeholders to managing and executing the design. The goal is to design practical spaces but yet visually pleasing. Include: Undertaking design project from concept to completion Defining project requirements and schedule during the “brief” Interpreting and translating customer needs into rough plans Responsibilities Undertake design project from concept to completion Define project requirements and schedule during the “brief” Interpret and translate customer needs into rough plans Set costs and project fees according to budget Research and decide on materials and products sourcing Produce “sample” and “mood products” Supervise work progress Work closely with designers, decorators, architects and constructors Research and follow industry changes, evolution and best practices. HR EXECUTIVE JHANVI MAHAWAR 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	4
"Looking for experienced designer for Menswear category with the exposure of working in domestic brand Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹1,500.00 to ₹4,000.00 /day Experience: work: 6 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Job Description Designing of book cover, interior prototypes and creative layouts This entails: o Modify or refresh of previous edition designs. o Create New or fresh design prototype. o Create and present cover and interior design options through all phases to final book o Design creative layouts based on the editorial brief or instructions. o Can write design specs for production team. o Maintain and troubleshoot schedules with editorial and production. o Knows about modern font usage and practices o Create cover mechanicals in accordance to the printers specifications. Do Image search Ability to design Infographics and Realis Hands on experience in working with childrens books, school books , STM. Very clear English given the sophisticated nature of conversations around design. Clear understanding of creative design process Individuals with high collaborative nature and willingness to have a productive give and take on creative concepts, to accept direction without defensiveness, and to adjust creative on-the-fly to meet the needs. knowledgeable on latest design trends Skills required: Adobe Creative suite CS6 (Indesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Bridge) Adobe Acrobat Pre-Press checks Post production checks Microsoft Office Expert in Mac Operating System."	4
"Job Title/Designation: Creative Design - Lead / Supervisor / Mentor Job Description: AffinityX is looking for an experienced Creative Lead/ Supervisor / Mentor to provide our design team with guidance and ideas to create new impressive designs. You will devise the concepts and ideas for a particular venture and will monitor its progress. You will be able to implement your creative vision and become the point of reference for our design team. The goal is to achieve the best possible outcome of our projects both visually and essentially to meet customer expectations in terms of creative design quality. Delivering high-quality artworks for the clients based in US, UK, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Responsibilities: Conceive and implement concepts, guidelines and strategies within the projects and oversee them to completion. Produce sketches, storyboards, roughs to visualize ideas. Collaborate with the production team supervisors to obtain knowledge of the clients requirements. Direct and motivate teams of graphic and logo designer to help them use their talents effectively. Lead brainstorming/creative sessions to generate ideas based on the client creative briefs or directions. Revise design concepts, approve/reject ideas, and provide feedback to the team. Train and guide subordinates into accomplished professionals. Monitor results of team members and propose actions for future improvement. Stay on top of all trends and maintain best practices Take work from concept to final execution within deadlines Manage and delegate responsibilities to other designers and provide directions Key Requirements: BFA/GD Art/ B .Design in 1, fine art, Design or relevant field. Must have minimum 2+ years of experience in a similar role. Good English comprehension skills to interpret client direction and expectations. Hands on experience with logo design, typography, colour, web layout design, print production, image selection. Proven experience as a Creative Supervisor/Mentor or in a similar creative role. Hand-on experience in the creative process, graphic design, and brand development. Excellent working knowledge of software such as Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, etc. Outstanding creative leadership qualities to upscale the designers talent and creative efficiency. Ability to manage a group of team members independently. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Incorporate feedback and take/give direction well Team player with strong communication and presentation skills Open to work in rotational and night shifts as per operational requirements. Experience: 3 to 6 years Education: UG Qualification: B.Sc (Any Specialization), B.Tech/B.E. (Any Specialization), Diploma (Graphic/ Web Designing) PG Qualification: Any PG Qualification PPG Qualification: PPG Not Compulsory Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Architectural Draughtsman, Interior Designer & 3D Visualizer having knowledge of Designing, Planning, Working Drawing, Area Calculation, Liasoning with Clients, Engineers etc., Going to site and all other details and requirement needed for a smooth execution of the project. Responsibilities and Duties Key Responsibilities: Understanding Client's requirement (design taste and site challenges), Handling of Project from start to end while Coordinating with interior Design Team. Knowledge of Working Drawings/Technical Drawings & Co-ordination of same at site for Execution Modelling, lighting and texturing 3D layouts of the client site as per the design finalised between the Design lead / Sales and the client stakeholders Qualifications and Skills Desired Candidate Profile Must Possess excellent design creativity, flair and positive attitude with a first-class eye for design details. - Should be able to produce results in a fast paced environment. - Must be able to work with speed and meet deadlines. - Ability to produce as an individual or as a part of team as well Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"We are looking for 2-5 years experienced 3D Max designer for our company. Experience of working in: 3d Max V-Ray Photoshop AutoCAD Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹22,000.00 /month Experience: 3D Max: 2 years (Required)"	4
"Interior designer Shud be hard working Prior experience of 2 yrs Auto cad and pro100 Innovative Handle sites Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹180,000.00 to ₹224,000.00 /year"	4
"Requirements : Job Requirement: Full time architects required for a multi-disciplinary firm based in Ahmedabad dealing with architecture, interiors, landscape & master planning. Candidate should have precise knowledge of Auto Cad Software with a good team work and communication skills. Please email your resumes to shailibanker(at)gmail.com Positions : 5 Age Limit : None"	4
Job Summary Job Requirement Candidate Should Have Knowledge Of Coral Draw . Candidate should have Experience of Gold Jewellery Designing Interact with some foreign clients and design jewellery as per their taste and choice. Updated About The Domestic And International Market. Research Work On Current Trends Of Jewellery. He/She Must Be Creative. Work Experience : 2-3 Years Contact us +91 9636613111 Pawan Parashar (HR) Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)	4
"Looking for creative graphic designer with all required skills. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: photoshop: 1 year (Preferred) Graphic Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"EBSLON INFOTECHlooking for a Frontend designers who have the ability to code their own work using HTML, CSS, and WordPress to join our team. Skills: Excellent Design and Typography skills Photoshop Corel draw jquery is must HTML 5 CSS 3 Front End Development Word Press and/or Joomla Responsive Design Build the site using a responsive framework so it will be fully compatible with all mobiles and tablet devices. 1 year of experience is mandatory For Interview call Vandana Sharma - +91-9013575427 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Location: New Delhi, Delhi (Preferred)"	4
"Work Experience 4 years minimum. Duties: Planning and organising production schedules and assessing its requirements..Planning future measured achievements. Should be able to take up responsibility and be pro-active in nature. He should be always be able to lead others and be a good listener to his team. He inspires unites employees for better works, better motivation. Ensuring that health and safety regulations are met.And all work areas are always kept neat and tidy. Helping to grow quality control standards. Overseeing production processes and if all process are followed. Improving sourcing of Material and Sending out PO's to respected buyers. Organising the repair and routine maintenance of production equipment Lliaising with buyers and marketing and sales staff and bridging any communication gap if exist. Supervising the work of junior staff and if they are meeting their goals Organising relevant training sessions by continuous upgrading hi sown knowledge through internet learning mediums. Cataloging all new models and providing all specifications with images to the graphic designer. He ensures that congenial atmosphere exists in the floor. Production manager will make arrangement for right line layout or machine layout. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred)"	4
"Collaborate with other departments to brainstorm ideas and develop new approaches to creating innovative and expressive graphics, presentations, social media images, book covers, infographics and more. Quickly design landing pages, user interfaces, wireframes, and prototypes that are impressive and emphasize products and services at hand. Strategize designs that will elicit a positive response, communicate important ideas and share company values with viewers. Organize campaigns that utilize stunning graphics to create a positive impression of the products and services while promoting increased visibility. Develop goals relating to the performance of final products, including viewership metrics and market response. Integrate company values and brand assets into design work in order to effectively demonstrate the nature of the company and attract customers on an ideological basis. Consult with management to ensure designs adhere to company standards, express desired ideas and represent products accurately. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month"	4
"We are looking for an experienced and creative UI/UX Designer, As a UI-UX Designer, you will be responsible for delivering the best online user experience, which makes your role extremely important for our success and ensuring customer satisfaction and loyalty. You will be designing graphic user interface elements, like menus, tabs, forms, and widgets. Responsibilities and Duties Plan and implement new designs Optimize existing user interface & experience designs Combine creativity with an awareness of the design elements Conduct ongoing user research Evaluating existing applications and evaluating their UX (user experience) effectiveness Conducting user testing of applications, software and websites Creating and implementing interaction models, user flows, and user interface specifications Communicating scenarios, end-to-end experiences, interaction models, and screen designs with other members of the team Developing and maintaining design wireframes and specifications of best practices to share with the design team as new projects begin. Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction Required: Portfolio of sample projects highlighting design for web-based applications, mobile applications & consumer-facing web sites and/or applications Interest in constantly keeping up-to-date of the latest trends, best practices and competitive activity Proven experience showing a clear understanding of the intersection between user needs, technology requirements, and business goals. Artistic eye for design and the ability to think creatively while maintaining accuracy and attention to detail Gather and evaluate user requirements in collaboration with the team & client. Illustrate design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps Design graphic user interface elements, like menus, tabs and widgets Develop UI mockups and prototypes that clearly illustrate how sites function and look like Create original graphics designs (e.g. images, sketches and tables) Identify and troubleshoot UX problems (e.g. responsiveness), Conduct layout adjustments based on user feedback, Adhere to style standards on fonts, colours and images Areas of expertise can be: User interface User experience design Interaction design Visual design Graphics design etc. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Min 1-3 years Education: Fine Arts (B.F.A.) Applied/Commercial Arts (Degree/Diploma) B.Tech/ B.E (Any Specialization) Requirements: Anyone with good portfolio, knowledge and work experience can apply Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹350,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Required) UI Design: 1 year (Required) UX Design: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	4
"SKILD Solutions is a leading e-learning and software solutions company that provides solutions to Fortune 500 and other global companies. SKILD is currently seeking to fill a Consultant Visual Designer position. Job Description Should have experience in developing the eLearning module of technical training programs. Should be able to take inputs from IDs and design the e-learning courses while collaborating with team of interactive developers. Responsibility: Analyze the requirements provided by the ID’s for the development of eLearning courses for L1-L3 projects. Create graphically engaging and interactive presentations in Adobe Photoshop Visualize media to support learning (graphics, dialogues and animation direction) Coordinate and communicate with important stakeholders. Take ownership of multiple projects simultaneously. Significant experience in designing eLearning modules for technical training programs is highly preferred for the position. Handle projects /accounts independently. Handle IDs co-ordination independently. Develop the concept using the relevant image, video and eLearning authoring tools such as Articulate Storyline. Key Skills: Articulate Storyline, GoAnimate, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, e-learning, Visual Design, Graphic Design, and 2d animations. Requirements Minimum total experience of 2 to 4 years in developing technology enabled designing for e- learning or training industry. Experience in scripting for various formats; audio, video, animations etc. High level of expertise in using PowerPoint, and other authoring tools (Articulate Storyline). Ability to visualize business aspects of solutions. Must be competent to work in a dynamic, team-oriented environment. Must be analytical, problem-solving, self-driven Must be proactive and flexible and have the ability to work under pressure and possess good follow-through skills Proven skill and reliability in meeting deadlines with a high level of attention to detail and quality of product Time management and planning skills Strong listening and presentation skills Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively Preliminary knowledge of e-learning industry Experience in Articulate Storyline B.Tech, any degree, or equivalent Job Type: Consultant – Full time Experience: Work: 2-3 years (Required) Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Articulate Storyline: 2 years (Required)"	4
"Interior designer for commercial and residential projects . profiency in design as well as 3D max and sketch up . site handling , visits and material knowledge and procurement. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹250,000.00 to ₹500,000.00 /year Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred)"	4
"We are looking for an Interior designer to undertake a variety of space designing projects- residential, villas,flats. You will deal with design from conceptual development and managing and executing the design. The goal is to design practical spaces yet visually appealing. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Location: 560032 (Preferred)"	4
"General Manager - Projects / Interior Site Engineers / Interior Site Supervisors GM - Projects: Overall responsible to execute multiple Turnkey Interior Projects at various locations Lead Project Engineer Teams and coordinate with Vendor & Supply Chain Management teams Work directly with Architects & Clients based on Project needs Project Scheduling & Monitoring, report back to Management & Client of key milestones Ensuring All Projects are delivered within Budget/Time/Quality Preferably Engineering background Salary package offer will be based on experience Interior Site Engineers / Supervisors: Individual is responsible for day-to-day site supervision of Turnkey Interior Projects Derive Bill Of Materials (BOM) from Project BOQ Raising indents to Purchase Department & ensuring delivered material is to specifications Ensuring project execution is in-line with drawings & BOQ's Support QS in billing activity Complete Project Snag List & ensuring Project Closure in all aspects Preferably Engineering background Salary package offer will be based on experience Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Interior Design / Execution: 2 years (Required) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred) Location: Madhapur, Hyderabad, Telangana (Preferred) Language: English/Hindi/Telugu (Preferred) Required travel: 25% (Preferred) Required Documents: Aadhar Card (Preferred)"	4
"immediate requirement For Interior Designers Home Center Exteriors and interiors Min 4-5 Experience Needed Mobile 9496466009 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹22,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 3 years (Preferred) work: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Looking for Architectural Drafts Person with 2 years experience.Qualification - Dip. ArchitectureKey words - Architect, Building Architect, Interior Designer, Architectural DraftsmanProficiency in CAD, Google Sketch up"	4
"As a Web and Graphic Designer you will be responsible for handling multiple projects from concept through execution in all media including but not limited to: websites, microsites, banner ads, email blasts and social campaigns. You will report to the Art Director (and directly to the Creative Director). You’ll be working in a creative environment with various Designers, Art Directors, Copywriters and Digital Strategists. You should be passionate about digital and want to join a family of people united by their diversity, and tireless spirit. Key Responsibilities: Exp 2-7yrs Develop concepts through innovation and creativity. Create well-balanced and extremely innovative, original designs for websites / microsites. Design banners , templates , emailers , flash animations , logos and landing pages< Result oriented and independent worker with out of the box and independent thinking capability. Proficiency in popular graphic designing tools - Photoshop, Macromedia Flash, Dreamweaver & Illustrator. Must be able to justify the graphics / elements choices in the design. Must have experience in creating Landing Pages , mailers & banners Strong visualization skills. Good analytical skills. Must be detail oriented and have the ability to deliver on time. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Graphic Design: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Description - To understand the design project and create a design solution - To prepare and develop with the team where required: drawings, models (sketchup), images & material mood boards and other documents relating to the design - To co-ordinate with the internal design team for the project - To take responsibility for the development of the design and the project with input from the Associate Partner or Partner in charge for key project stages - To liaise where appropriate, with members of the external design team and other associate organizations or companies - To actively seek continuing professional development Job Requirements - Strong verbal and written English communication skills- ability to convey complex ideas effectively and efficiently - Minimum 1 - 2 years experience in Residential interior design - Strong understanding and demonstrated aptitude of design principles - Extreme attention to detail and a ‘no-compromise attitude towards quality’ - Proficiency in AutoCAD, Sketchup, Microsoft Office and Google Suite - Proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator & 3dsMAX are a plus Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Required travel: 50% (Preferred) Required Documents: Address Proof (Preferred) Driver's License (Preferred)"	4
"Job Description: Junior Architects contribute to and support architectural projects. They help prepare designs, complete construction documents, write up building plans and assist in the presentation of materials. A Junior Architect works under the direct supervision of an Architect or Lead Designer with the goal of eventually moving up to that position with experience. The work is very collaborative in nature. They work for architecture and engineering companies and most of their work is done in an office setting, although they occasionally visit construction sites as well. Junior Architect Duties and Responsibilities In order to assist with architectural projects, a Junior Architect performs many different tasks. We analyzed job listings for Junior Architect in order to identify these core duties and responsibilities. Collaborate on Design Projects The Junior Architect will help plan and design buildings along with a team of Architects. They brainstorm project ideas, complete design drawings in AutoCAD and assist in reviewing project proposals, remaining a part of the process from conception through development. Complete Paperwork Junior Architects complete and file much of the paperwork that is involved in the design process. They create proposals and complete construction paperwork for buildings. In order to ensure that projects follow legal specifications and company procedures, they ensure all required documents and paperwork are submitted before the construction process is started. Communicate with Involved Parties It is important that the Junior Architect maintains communication with all parties involved in the project. They communicate with contractors to monitor the progress of a project, and they are sometimes responsible for communicating with clients as well, noting their requests, answering their questions and sending them project updates. Coordinates Project Details In order to assist the Architects, the Junior Architect will coordinate the details of an architectural project. This includes building specifications, dimensions, assisting with initial project research and outlining project schedules and tasks. Junior Architect Skills Junior Architects are deeply logical thinkers with an eye for detail and design, and an ability to solve problems efficiently. They are highly organized multi-taskers who embrace flexibility and can prioritize many different duties and projects at once. They have no problem meeting deadlines and are capable of communicating effectively with their clients and working as part of a team. Core skills: Based on job listings we looked at, employers want Junior Architects with these core skills. If you want to work as a Junior Architect, focus on the following. Possessing a Bachelor’s degree in architecture Demonstrating proficiency in AutoCAD and Revit Having experience producing construction documents Showing internship experience with an architecture firm Being able to use Microsoft Office Job Type: Full-time Experience: Architect: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	4
"Oversees selection of interior finishes, furnishings, artwork and interior signage Responsible for space and furniture planning; furniture procurement Leads presentations and communicates design concepts using appropriate software, i.e. Autocad, Photoshop, Sketchup, 3ds Max, Revit Oversees assembly of material finish boards for presentations Prepares contracts and proposals for interior design services Produces construction documents and specifications Providing Specifications of materials and generation of BOQ Coordinates internally with project Architect, Manager and Director to work with outside project consultants Meets with clients and attends planning and construction meetings as needed Meets with suppliers and vendors Oversees the organization of the Design Library as needed Provides quality control for all interior design projects (e.g., finish drawings, details, specifications, FF&E packages…etc.) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹500,000.00 to ₹700,000.00 /year Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Creativity, technical prowess, people skills, internal drive, and managing multiple priorities are skills that enable architects and interior designers to develop projects at various stages. 9079240460 contact -artspotexhi(8)iCloud dot com Salary: INR 50,000 - 60,000 P.A. Commission Industry: Architecture, Interior Design Functional Area: Architecture , Interior Design Role Category: Interior Design Role: Interior Designer Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Job Type: Full-time"	4
"Software Designer Job Description: Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked, or Internet- related computer programs, primarily for end users. Using current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming, and performs testing and debugging of applications. Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance. May interact with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications. Responsibilities: Codes and programs enhancements, updates, and changes for portions and subsystems of end- user applications software running on local, networked, and Internet- based platforms based on specific requirements and instructions. Executes established test plans and protocols for assigned portions of code; identifies, logs, and debugs assigned issues. Develops understanding of and relationship with internal and outsourced development partners on software applications design and development. Participates as a member of project team of other software applications engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products. Education and Experience Required: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent. Typically 0-2 years experience. Knowledge and Skills: Experience or understanding of software applications design tools and languages. Good analytical and problem solving skills. Understanding of design for software applications running on multiple platform types. Understanding of basic testing, coding, and debugging procedures. Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Job: Engineering Job Level: Entry Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status"	4
"Should be able to create unique designs for digital marketing & promotion Designing graphics for print as well like brochures & presentations Work simultaneously on multiple projects based on current client workload Create visual aspects of marketing materials, websites and other media, including infographics Put together disparate elements of a design created by another professional, such as the icons, photographs and other components necessary for a website design Consult with clients’ marketing, copywriting and sales teams to create cohesive designs that reflect our clients’ corporate cultures and goals Minimum 2 years of experience is required in graphic designing Portfolio is of work is must at the time of appearing for interview Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹14,000.00 to ₹18,000.00 /month Experience: photoshop: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required)"	4
"There are urgent openings for experienced web developers and designers to work on ongoing projects of international standards. Desirable candidates must acquire the following skills: -Front end- and back end development with PHP, MYSQL, Javascript, CSS, HTML and Ajax. -Experience in wordpress, codeigniter or Laravel frameworks to implement complex requirements. -Strong problem solving skills and a passion for programming. -Good communication Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Jalandhar City, Punjab (Required)"	4
"Jewelry CAD Designers (We have several full time Contract Positions open) America*’s Oldest Jeweler est. 1785* Must be an expert in Rhino or ZBrush or Matrix. Must have Jewelry Industry Experience Requires strong fluency in writing/speaking English Must be a strong communicator who can work with team partners via Internet through email, file transfer and Skype.. Able to work during US Eastern Time zone, if needed Must be well organized and driven to meet customer deadlines Please include portfolio of work. Will be expected to ""test"" to demonstrate proficiency. Job Type: Contract Experience: Jewelry: 1 year (Required) Rhino, ZBrush or Matrix: 1 year (Required) Language: English (Required)"	4
"We are looking for a talented Web Designer to create amazing user experiences. The ideal candidate should have an eye for clean and artful web design. They should also have superior user interface design skills. The successful candidate will be able to translate high-level requirements into interaction flows and artifacts. They will be able to transform them into beautiful, intuitive, and functional designs. Responsibilities * Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering * Conceptualize original website design ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex roadblocks * Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to communicate interaction and design ideas * Present and defend designs and key deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders * Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards Requirements Proven work experienceas a web designer Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Solid experience in creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps Proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator or other visual design and wire-framing tools Proficiency in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for rapid prototyping Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively Up-to-date with the latest Web trends, techniques and technologies BS/MS in Human-Computer Interaction, Interaction Design or a Visual Arts subject Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹16,000.00 /month Experience: Html: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Required) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"About Us: Isprava is a leader in the luxury holiday home market in India specializing in serving a discerning clientele along two fronts: Design, construction, furnishing, and management of sophisticated luxury homes that celebrate heritage alongside modernity and sustainability. Hospitality Services, Refurbishment and Rental Management for luxury holiday homes curated from an exclusive list of home owners. A testament of Isprava’s offering is our distinctive client list comprising of prominent business and sports personalities and reputed professionals from across the globe like Kris Gopalakrishnan (Co-Founder Infosys), Sunil Gavaskar (Legendary Cricketer) and Farah Khan (Bollywood Filmmaker and Writer) amongst others. Isprava also boasts a diverse group of marquee investors including some of the world’s largest family offices like the Godrej and Piramal family office alongside other reputed global professionals. Headquartered in Mumbai, our projects are currently spread across Goa, the Nilgiris, Alibaug, Sri Lanka and various other locations. Isprava is positioned for significant growth in the next few years and is perfect for entrepreneurial individuals who enjoy a flat, flexible and fast-paced workplace. Interior Designer Fit outs, (Must be willing to travel 60-80% of the time & experience in dealing with tough vendors / clients) Purpose of the role: The Interior Designer Fit outs will be fully responsible for managing projects from inspection to handover within the established scope, schedule and budget while meeting or surpassing standards of quality. Responsible for entire project management plan including scope, procurement, production, design, communication, cost, time, risk, project human resources, close out etc. Duties & Responsibilities: Ensure timely, cost efficient delivery of the projects Work on drawings, layouts and detailing in AutoCAD and Sketch up Provide on-site support for completion and execution of projects Responsible for motivating and managing site execution teams Co-operation with the execution team and the corporate office including Accounts, Purchase and other teams Co-ordinate with vendors to ensure timely delivery of requirements Control quality of requirements Prepare daily reports and make weekly presentations of projects assigned Developing designs according to a brief that are functional, appealing and appropriate for the space. Should have conceptual and technical understanding on range of Interiors design works which are important and essential for a quality execution of interiors. Researching and preparing plans, diagrams or sketches for interior construction, materials, finishes, lighting and finishing. Selecting materials and labour Quantify materials required as per Isprava standards BOM (Bill of Material) based on approved designs Responsible for costing and budget of the project. Inspecting and supervising the work, to ensure that quality, costs and deadlines are met. Should be able to manage and execute the interior projects. Planning and execution of MEP works. To set schedule for flow of requisite materials in consultation with purchase team and vendors to ensure timely completion of work. Skills Required: Degree or equivalent in Interior Design High levels of creativity, imagination and vision Excellent design and drafting skills and proficiency with CAD Willingness to work long hours and travel extensively to project sites PAN India Excellent communication skills Problem solving ability Capable of meeting deadlines Delivering results under pressure AutoCAD & Sketch up knowledge required Photoshop, Coral Draw, Adobe illustrator are beneficial but not required Core Competencies: Highly adaptable and eager to operate in a fast-paced environment Good understanding of the requirements of interior designing / consultants / clients Executing final decorations & fitments & enhancing the look of a house Diploma in Interior Designing 5+ years of working experience Excellent taste with attention to details Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Can draw and edit autocad drawings, interior designing, 3D drawings, site visits Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Qualification : Diploma / Draughtsman Responsibilities : candidates must have Oil & Gas, Refineries, Petrochemical Domain experience Experience : Candidates Should have 3 to 8 years experience Job Type: Contract Salary: ₹400,000.00 to ₹1,000,000.00 /year"	4
"Total Experience: 2+ Years Work Location: Surat Notice: Only immediate / 30 days Skillset: - Experience in hardware board design (Digital /Analog) - Experience in Schematic entry - Experience in board testing and Hardware verification. - Experienced in power electronics. - Experience in product sustenance - Hardware testing Expert PCB Design: - Experience and understanding in ATE Test Boards and Substrate designs. - Good knowledge in Schematic entry (OrCAD and Concept HDL) - Good Knowledge in CAD Tool (Cadence Allegro experience and any other tools). - Must have knowledge in High speed, RF designs, Analog, Digital, mixed, interface and Power supply designs. - Strong knowledge in understanding of EMI /EMC issue in design. - Work on PADS or OrCAD or Altium or Eagle or Allegro PCB software for creation of schematics. - Creation of layout drawings of 2 layer PCBs - Creation of PCBA bill of materials from schematics Job Type: Full-time Experience: Pcb Design: 2 years (Required) Location: Surat, Gujarat (Preferred)"	4
"Qualification : Diploma / Engineer (Civil) Responsibilities : Candidate must have experience from Oil & Gas, Refineries, Petrochemical domain experience Experience : The candidate should have 3 to 8 years experience Job Type: Contract Salary: ₹400,000.00 to ₹1,000,000.00 /year Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	4
"Should have great aesthetics and can design collaterals like presentations, brochures, Emailers, resources & papers, webinars etc.•Motion graphics skills are added advantage•Should be able to design creatives for social media campaign•Research on new concept, trends, innovation•Knowledge on graphic tools ( Knowledge on 2D & 3D designs)•Shall be able to proofread, revise designs, update the existing collaterals •Monitor the marketing campaigns with in-house monitoring tools •Should have basic knowledge of scripting, develop and edit in-house videos ( Mandate Skills- Adobe Premium Pro)"	4
"Conceptualizing visuals based on requirements Creating images and layouts by hand or using design software Testing graphics across various media Study design briefs and determine requirements Schedule projects and define budget constraints Conceptualize visuals based on requirements Prepare rough drafts and present ideas Develop illustrations, logos and other designs using software or by hand Use the appropriate colors and layouts for each graphic Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Graphic Design: 1 year (Preferred) marketing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"OPUS ARCHITECTSis committed to deliver contemporary and contextually relevant designs. In a short time from its inception Opus Architects has handled a wide range of structures. The fundamental approach to any project is Design Centric ,with the focus on understanding the client requirement and trying to redefine its design solution in a unique way. OPUS ARCHITECTS has its registered office in RMV II Stage, Bangalore. Responsibilities and Duties Having experience in Office interiors & Retail, Design development, Client co-ordination, coordinating with Architects on projects, Preparation of Working Drawings and GFCs, Site Visits, Etc. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Interior Designers having experience in Office interiors & Retail interiors, minimum of 2 years of experience in office interiors. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Min 5+ years Experience preferably in Oil and Gas, Engineering company or Industrial Gas business segment). Tool Skills - SP3D and MicroStation. Job Type: Contract Salary: ₹250.00 to ₹500.00 /hour Experience: work: 4 years (Preferred) Piping Design: 4 years (Preferred) SP3D & Micro station: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Required)"	4
"Overview: Job Title Graphic Designer Department Marketing Team Job Location Vashi, Navi Mumbai Graphic/Web Designer will provide design as well as provide art direction for graphics and presentation solutions for the Marketing team. Expected to work with minimum supervision. Has to be Hands-on, creative, detail-oriented, help drive creative support for the marketing team. Leads multiple projects in accordance with strict deadlines. What You Will Be Doing : Proficient in Adobe Photoshop, CorelDraw and Illustrator Will be responsible in making PowerPoint presentations as well. Proficiency in MS PowerPoint Knowledge of WordPress and any website programming language is preferred but not a must Will have to work on WordPress (website management), should be ready to learn if not experienced Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, work within a marketing team, Should possess creative eye to create professional designs and should have a very good eye for detail, Working as part of the Graphics Team to help plan, design and develop graphic collaterals, In depth knowledge of the print medium, event collaterals, infographics etc. Knowledge of any movie tools will be a plus, while not a necessity What You Will Need For This Position: Minimum 4 years’ experience in print design and conceptualization Good communication and interpersonal skill Decent spoken and written English Working with a ITeS company is preferred Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Fine Arts or a related field Understanding of the latest creative trends as well as knowledge of the visual theory (color theory, typography, composition etc) Sound judgment and flexibility in balancing creative requirements, tight deadlines and deliveries Excellent visualization skills Apply Now Please email your detailed CV to careers@smarteinc.com"	4
"Salary: As per Industry Standard Industry: Ship Design & Construction Role Category: Engineering Design Role: Design Engineer/Draughtsman Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time Preparation of drafting deliverers,i.e 3D models,2 D detail drawings, GA,s Sketches BOMs, weld maps and etc.as per projects requirements suing Auto CAD, cadworx Qualifications -Diploma in Mechanical Draftsman Auto CAD/ Cadworx responsibilities -To develop 3D models, 2D detailed fabrications drawings, general arrangements and layouts -To prepare Bill of Materials -Develop fabrication and connection drawings for steel structure and nesting -To ensure all works to be performed with no errors and as per the Drafting standards project -To undertake back-drafting of drawings to reflect corrections that need to be made to initial documentation. Revises drawings incorporating subsequent modifications. -To prepare of As built draw8ings following receipt of mark-up from the site and project team -To undertake other supporting tasks as assigned and deemed reasonable key skills/knowledge/experience -Minimum of 5-6 years of previous drafting in the marine/offshore sector -Experienced and competent Computer Aided Design(CAD) operator -Experience in 3D modelling is essential -Familiar with Microsoft office suite -Knowledge of material grades, welding symbols/details,profile standards -Fair knowledge of Classification society rules and regulations Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 5 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	4
"We are seeking a new Web Designer to join our team. Experience with HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS3, and JQuery Create Mobile Responsive Layouts Good With Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator Speed Optimization of Websites. Experience with the latest technologies will be preferred. Up-to-date with the latest UI/Visual trends, techniques and technologies Hands on Web Designing experience in Web templates design, HTML 5, CSS 3, Dream Weaver, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Angularjs, and Photoshop. Test the website and identify any technical problem Responsible for the design of web pages, graphics Ability to solve browser compatibility issues creatively and effectively Responsible for meeting expectations and deliverable on time and in high quality Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"Job Summary Requires Senior Graphic Designer for a printing press in South Extention, New Delhi which specializes in printing of Labels & Tags for Garment Exporters, Candidate must have full knowledge of Corel and sound knowledge of Photoshop & Illustrator besides having full prepress knowledge & experience. Contact 9810043012 Responsibilities and Duties Making Artworks & Designs sending it to clients getting necessary approvals and communicating with them Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Minimum of 5 years Experience and can respond to client's mail in English. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Graphic Design: 5 years (Required) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required) Location: South Delhi, Delhi, Delhi (Preferred) Licence: If you have worked in a company which makes Labels &Tags (Required) Language: and can respond to client's mail in English (Required)"	4
"Skills 0.6-2 years’ experience designing and developing for the web. Specializes in responsive designs for websites and web applications. Display supreme knowledge in frontend including HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery/Javascript. Photoshop knowledge would be a plus. Active involvement in UI design for web and mobile would be plus Perks 5 days working Flexible timings Mentored by the technical experts Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹120,000.00 to ₹240,000.00 /year Experience: web design (responsive): 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Job Description We are looking for a creative video editor to assemble recorded or YouTube videos into a finished project that matches director’s vision and is suitable for social media ad campaign. Ultimately, as video editor, you should be able to bring sight and sound together in order to engage the viewers, should have a good sense of timing and visual awareness, should be familiar with all popular video editing tools. Requirements: Proven work experience as a Video editor. Solid experience with digital technology and editing software packages (e.g. Avid Media Composer, Lightworks, Premiere, After Effects and Final Cut). Demonstrable video editing ability with a strong portfolio. Thorough knowledge of timing, motivation and continuity. Familiarity with special effects, 3D and compositing. Creative mind and storytelling skills. Key Skills: Proficiency in Corel draw, Illustrator, Photoshop, Flash, In-Design, Premiere, Audition, InDesign & Max. Responsibilities: Manipulate and edit video clips in a way that is invisible to the audience. Review YouTube videos and raw material to create a product promotional videos. Trim footage segments and put together the sequence of the video. Input music, dialogues, graphics and effects Create rough and final cuts. Ensure logical sequencing and smooth running of video clips. Consult with digital marketer to create audience driven videos. Continuously discover and implement new editing technologies and industry’s best practices to maximise efficiency. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month Experience: Video Editing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Required) Location: Gurgaon, Haryana (Preferred)"	4
"About Contrado Imaging An independent medium sized fast-growing creative technology company, started from zero, built from the ground up since 2002. Taking advantage of consumer appetite for customisation, print on demand and digital design for mobile and internet audiences. Different to most organisations due to total fulfilment under one roof i.e. web design, web development, customer services, photo shoots, marketing, product design, production and product processing, providing fast turnaround premium product to consumers worldwide. This is not just a job, this is a culture of teamwork and friendship. You connect with and build for your team / community / audience. Bring your good positive attitude and join in. We are a company who is trying to achieve a culture and create an inclusive, positive and amazing atmosphere for both our customers and employees. www.contrado.co.uk / www.bagsoflove.co.uk + international FR / DE / USA / IT / ES / JP / NL / SE About the Team An already established DEV team following agile development principles including 2-week sprints, automated deployments, multiple staging environments. You will be joining a team of 13 including senior developers, UX/UI designers, devOps, QA and project manager. Using multiple technologies hosted with AWS Overall Purpose of the role This is a technical role requiring the construction of webpages/templates/components from UI mock-ups with UX in mind. Needs to be up to date with technologies and not rely only on frameworks such as Essential Skills: SASS Flexbox HTML/CSS Photoshop/Illustrator SEO best practice Website performance Latest trends Experience Minimum 5+ years of experience. Benefits Enjoyable atmosphere, fast-paced, fun, and creative environment Competitive salary to skill level with potential 10-15% overtime bonus 50% preferential staff discount Employee of the month bonus Pension scheme Referral scheme (gift vouchers) 28 days holidays including bank holidays (up to 35 depending on years of service) Free fruit, bottomless ground coffee and fresh orange juice Ongoing training; online, internal, conferences and books Team outings, BBQ's, events We have created a great culture of teamwork and friendship through hard work and positivity. We enjoy an inclusive, fun atmosphere, and we seek individuals who thrive in that environment. We offer flexibility, concise decision making and less hierarchy. If this works for you, apply now for this copywriter job opportunity. The Company - Contrado Imaging Ltd Contrado, is a rapidly expanding custom lifestyle, fashion and home-ware Company. We are seeking another talented person to change how lifestyle products are designed, made and bought. Out technology driven Company was founded in 2002. Now we are a diverse team of 120 people in West London designing and making a variety of sought-after creative clothing, gift and home products. We design, print & make products on demand in London. We sell direct to consumers through our websites, with expanding worldwide reach. We’re growing fast. That’s where you come in. www.contrado.co.uk/ www.bagsoflove.co.uk+ international sites in FR / DE / USA / IT / ES / JP / NL / SE / IE / AUS and many more. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	4
"he should no about software 3d max,illustrator,photoshop,indesign Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
SKL India is a 25 Years old Engineering Company based out of Mumbai. We have a vacancy for Hydraulic Power Pack Designer. Good knowledge of Hydraulic Power Packs is a must. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 4 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)	4
"Preparing Sketch-up models in consultation with the design heads and as per the project requirements. Preparing layout plans, elevations, and sections in sketch up. Preparing the construction documents in sketch up:- If the job applicant is not aware of how to prepare construction documentation in sketch up at the moment, then he/she shall be expected to study the online tutorials during office hours and gradually learn how to prepare the construction documents in sketch up. Applicant may refer a video on Youtube – https://yout.be/N7efAj_emuA to get a fair idea what the office shall eventually expect the job Applicant to do. Facility & Benefits: Following facilities are provided to employees. Refer to our Human Resource Policy for more details. Women with kids who want to work part-time from 9:30 am to 2:30 pm are also welcome to apply. The company provides pickup and drop services between office and Chhaterpur metro station. 6 days working, Second Saturday of every month is off. Extracurricular activities: Zumba Class. Over time compensation as per industry standards. Mail us your resume at mail@fabinteriors.com with job title included in the subject line."	4
"Freelance Jewellery CAD Designer Job location: Thane, India. Type: Freelancer Experience: 2-4 years Industry: Jewellery Company: Moha By Geetanjali Job description: - MohaBy Geetanjali, a well known silver jewellerybrand across the jewelleryindustry, is looking for an experienced JewelleryCADDesigner. 1. The candidate should have good communication & technical skills. 2. The candidate must hold a professional attitude and a meticulous approach. 3. The candidate should efficiently create a 3D model from a 2D manual sketch on a Jewel CAD or Rhyno software. 4. The candidate must have have excellent understanding skills regarding model development, modification in the existing product designs, quality checking of cadimages etc 5. The candidate should be self motivated and an an expert in model development and matrix software. 6. The candidate should be able to efficiently work in good speed on adherence with tight deadlines & briefs. Desired Skills & Experience: In depth knowledge of the Jewel CADsoftware, Rhyno. 2-4 years of work experience is desired. Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Internship, Contract, Commission Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Location: Thane, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	4
"Prepare and edit drawings in autocad, site supervision, 3D elevations, interior designing Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Autocad knowledge is must Location: Panvel Company: Real Estate Contact: 8828859807 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Experience of minimum 2 to 3 year in ""Sheet Metal""Design in Solid works. Should have knowledge in modeling, assembly, detailing sheet metal components , Reviewing & approving all prototype samples before being released for client review or production use. Knowledge in auto Cad and CNC punching bending Fabrication will have added advantage Responsibilities and Duties Preparation of drawings, costing,customer coordination, supervision,Reviewing & approving all prototype samples before being released for client review or production use. Responsibilities and Duties Experience of minimum 2 to 3 year in ""Sheet Metal""Design in Solid works. Should have knowledge in modeling, assembly, detailing sheet metal components , Reviewing & approving all prototype samples before being released for client review or production use. Knowledge in auto Cad and CNC punching bending Fabrication will have added advantage Responsibilities and Duties Preparation of drawings, costing,customer coordination, supervision,Reviewing & approving all prototype samples before being released for client review or production use. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Sheet Metal: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Required 3d visualiser with minimum 2 years of experience Responsibilities and Duties 3d designing, 3d visualising Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 2 years of experience is required Benefits Not available Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month"	4
"full Time Office Software Work Furniture & Kitchen Trolley Modular Kitchen Bedroom Furniture Living Room Furniture Designer Work Color Combination auto Cad Google SketchUp Requirements Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹5,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Required) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required) Location: Nashik, Maharashtra (Required)"	4
"Skills: Sketchup or 3DS max. Rendering knowledge must and interior designing knowledge. Mostly residential projects Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Profile: The selected candidate will be responsible for sourcing and managing the content of Global B2B websites and Magazines. The candidate will be generate the content trough online searches, email and telephonic interviews with CEO’s, M.D’s and industry leaders and by sending Invites for article submission to the Companies. Thereafter proofreading and modifying the sourced content to get it published through up loaders, IT team and designers. Along with this they will also be responsible for writing tags and metadata for online content resulting to define it in short. They will also be responsible for maintaining the relationship with PR agencies, Corporate communications and Senior level executives. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Required)"	4
"Job Description The successful candidate will be able to translate high-level requirements into interaction flows and artifacts. They will be able to transform them into beautiful, intuitive, and functional designs. Designation - Web Designer Experience - 1 to 3 years Responsibilities Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering Conceptualize original website design ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex roadblocks Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to communicate interaction and design ideas Present and defend designs and key deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards Requirements Proven work experienceas a web designer Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Solid experience in creating wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps Proficiency in Photoshop, Illustrator or other visual design and wire-framing tools Proficiency in HTML, CSS and JavaScript for rapid prototyping Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively Up-to-date with the latest Web trends, techniques and technologies BS/MS in Human-Computer Interaction, Interaction Design or a Visual Arts subject. Benefits: - Working environments that is safe, fun loving, comfortable and appealing to work in. Ongoing opportunities and incentives to learn, develop and grow. Best Training with hands on experience. Work with Industry’s top notch Developers. Stay updated with latest technology stack. Get in rich with problem solving attitude. Rich in activities, celebrations & knowledge sharing events. -------- Interested candidates can walk in to our office at F 195, Base Level, Near Power House, Phase 8B, Industrial Area, Mohali --------- Thank You Regards Shefali Sood HR Manager 9914131382 Indi IT Solutions Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Web Designing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"Job Summary Palabras Pvt. Ltd. is looking for a UI/UX Designer for mobile apps and web applications. We are looking for a creative mind who would be able to create unique designs from scratch. Responsibilities and Duties Desining UI for mobile apps and websites Banner Designs for Ads Social Media Post Designs Prototyping Presentation Designs Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Minimum 5 months or 1 years of experience is required. You should have strong working knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator. If you know After Effects, then its a plus point. Prototyping tools like Marvelapp, InVision You should know how to export UI designs for Android apps. Please mention your portfolio link as well while applying for this job. Benefits PF/EPF Benefits Health Insurance Flexible Work Hours Free Snacks/Beverages Friendly Work Environment Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: web UI design: 1 year (Preferred) mobile app UI design: 1 year (Required) Location: Mohali, Punjab (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary We are looking for smart, enthusiastic, energetic and passionate candidate. The desired candidate will get an opportunity to work with well-known brands with responsibility to carry out visual concepts, design, branding & merchandising. He/she should possess good grasping of the campaign concepts and able to deliver it through right graphical elements. The candidate should have necessary flair, imagination and versatility required while working in an 1 agency. Responsibilities and Duties 1. Understand the client brief 2. Think 3. Develop well rounded develop creative campaign theme concepts 4. Create conceptual designs and layouts 4. Develop design solutions from concept to production 5. Manage and Deliver the campaigns as per client deadlines Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Good knowledge of graphics, space design, branding & creative visualisation. Should possess excellent English (Verbal and written) communication skills. Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop, illustrator, Corel Draw Applying candidates should send resume mentioning 10th, 12th and graduation percentage markes/grades along with portfolio. Benefits Training and mentoring from industry experts. Job Type: Full-time"	4
"Web Designer Responsibilities: Conceptualizing creative ideas with clients. Testing and improving the design of the website. Establishing design guidelines, standards, and best practices. Maintaining the appearance of websites by enforcing content standards. Designing visual imagery for websites and ensuring that they are in line with branding for clients. Working with different content management systems. Communicating design ideas using user flows, process flows, site maps and wireframes. Incorporating functionalities and features into websites. Designing sample pages including colors and fonts. Preparing design plans and presenting the website structure. Web Designer Requirements: A relevant diploma in related field. Proficiency in graphic design software including Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Coral Draw and other visual design tools. Proficiency in front-end development web programming languages such as HTML and CSS, JQuery, and JavaScript. Good understanding of content management systems. Good understanding of search engine optimization principles. Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues. Excellent visual design skills. Up-to-date experience with international web protocols, standards, and technologies. Creative and open to new ideas. Adaptable and willing to learn new techniques. Excellent communication skills. Job Types: Full-time, Fresher, Walk-In Salary: ₹90,000.00 to ₹150,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu (Required) Language: Tamil (Required)"	4
Undertake design project from concept to completion Define project requirements and schedule during the brief Interpret and translate customer needs into rough plans Set costs and project fees according to budget Research and decide on materials and products sourcing Produce sample and mood products Supervise work progress Work closely with designers decorators architects and constructors Research and follow industry changes evolution s and best practices Requirements Proven working experience in decorating interior spaces consultations renovations space planning and new constructions Expertise…	4
"About Us : Isprava is a leader in the luxury holiday home market in India specializing in serving a discerning clientele along two fronts: Design, construction, furnishing, and management of sophisticated luxury homes that celebrate heritage alongside modernity and sustainability. Hospitality Services, Refurbishment and Rental Management for luxury holiday homes curated from an exclusive list of home owners. A testament of Isprava’s offering is our distinctive client list comprising of prominent business and sports personalities and reputed professionals from across the globe like Kris Gopalakrishnan (Co-Founder Infosys), Sunil Gavaskar (Legendary Cricketer) and Farah Khan (Bollywood Filmmaker and Writer) amongst others. Isprava also boasts a diverse group of marquee investors including some of the world’s largest family offices like the Godrej and Piramal family office alongside other reputed global professionals. Headquartered in Mumbai, our projects are currently spread across Goa, the Nilgiris, Alibaug, Sri Lanka and various other locations. Isprava is positioned for significant growth in the next few years and is perfect for entrepreneurial individuals who enjoy a flat, flexible and fast-paced workplace. Designation : Interior Designer Fit outs Location : Mumbai Purpose of the role : Responsible for managing projects end to end from inspection to handover within the established scope, schedule and budget while meeting or surpassing standards of quality. Responsible for entire project management plan including scope, procurement, production, design, communication, cost, time, risk, project human resources, close out etc. Duties & Responsibilities: Ensure timely, cost efficient delivery of the projects Work on drawings, layouts and detailing in AutoCAD and Sketch up Provide on-site support for completion and execution of projects Responsible for motivating and managing site execution teams Co-operation with the execution team and the corporate office including Accounts, Purchase and other teams Co-ordinate with vendors to ensure timely delivery of requirements Control quality of requirements Prepare daily reports and make weekly presentations of projects assigned Developing designs according to a brief that are functional, appealing and appropriate for the space. Should have conceptual and technical understanding on range of Interiors design works which are important and essential for a quality execution of interiors. Researching and preparing plans, diagrams or sketches for interior construction, materials, finishes, lighting and finishing. Selecting materials and labour Quantify materials required as per Isprava standards BOM (Bill of Material) based on approved designs Responsible for costing and budget of the project. Inspecting and supervising the work, to ensure that quality, costs and deadlines are met. Should be able to manage and execute the interior projects. Planning and execution of MEP works. To set schedule for flow of requisite materials in consultation with purchase team and vendors to ensure timely completion of work. Skills Required : Degree or equivalent in Interior Design High levels of creativity, imagination and vision Excellent design and drafting skills and proficiency with CAD Willingness to work long hours and travel extensively to project sites PAN India Excellent communication skills Problem solving ability Capable of meeting deadlines Delivering results under pressure AutoCAD & Sketch up knowledge required Photoshop, Coral Draw, Adobe illustrator are beneficial but not required. Core Competencies : Highly adaptable and eager to operate in a fast-paced environment Good understanding of the requirements of interior designing / consultants / clients Executing final decorations & fitments & enhancing the look of a house. Excellent taste with attention to details Educational Qualifications : Diploma in Interior Designer Prior work experience : 5+ years of working experience Reporting to : Head of Rental Operations Company Website : www.isprava.com Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 to ₹60,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design- fit out: 4 years (Preferred) Interior Design - Project Management: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Required)"	4
"Interior Designer/Architect (2+ Year Experience) - Part Time/Freelancer Job Summary Applicant should be from Design education background Should have mandatory 1 Years experience in the interior residential projects Have Good communication & presentation skills Should be flexible to work to meet business needs Have practical knowledge of Autocad, Google sketchup, V ray. Responsibilities and Duties Be capable of handling customers individually with creative designs as per company standards. Be able to do quick rendering as per customer specifications and provide information about interior accessories. Be able to educate customers about the competitive advantages of the products of the company. Be able to coordinate with the internal department to ensure smooth functioning of the project at each stage. Propose creative/competitive designs to the Management to obtain more business opportunities in the market. Responsibilities and Duties Job Summary Applicant should be from Design education background Should have mandatory 1 Years experience in the interior residential projects Have Good communication & presentation skills Should be flexible to work to meet business needs Have practical knowledge of Autocad, Google sketchup, V ray. Responsibilities and Duties Be capable of handling customers individually with creative designs as per company standards. Be able to do quick rendering as per customer specifications and provide information about interior accessories. Be able to educate customers about the competitive advantages of the products of the company. Be able to coordinate with the internal department to ensure smooth functioning of the project at each stage. Propose creative/competitive designs to the Management to obtain more business opportunities in the market. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Job Summary Applicant should be from Design education background Should have mandatory 1 Years experience in the interior residential projects Have Good communication & presentation skills Should be flexible to work to meet business needs Have practical knowledge of Autocad, Google sketchup, V ray. Responsibilities and Duties Be capable of handling customers individually with creative designs as per company standards. Be able to do quick rendering as per customer specifications and provide information about interior accessories. Be able to educate customers about the competitive advantages of the products of the company. Be able to coordinate with the internal department to ensure smooth functioning of the project at each stage. Propose creative/competitive designs to the Management to obtain more business opportunities in the market. Job Type: Part-time Salary: ₹60,000.00 to ₹150,000.00 /month Location: Delhi, Delhi (Preferred)"	4
"Architect Responsibilities: Controlling projects from start to finish to ensure high quality, innovative and functional design Using the construction “brief” to identify clients’ needs and put together feasibility reports and design proposals Developing architecture in line with client’s needs, building’s usage and environmental impact Job brief We are looking for an Architect to perform all phases of architectural work including planning, designing and overseeing the construction. You will be involved in new building designs, extensions, alterations, restorations and conversations from the earliest stages right through to completion. The goal is to match client’s needs and to produce sustainable, functional and aesthetically pleasing designs. Responsibilities Control project from start to finish to ensure high quality, innovative and functional design Take the “brief” to identify clients’ needs and put together feasibility reports and design proposals Develop ideas keeping in mind client’s needs, building’s usage and environmental impact Produce detailed blueprints and make any necessary corrections Compile project specifications Keep within budgets and timelines Ensure that all works are carried out to specific standards, building codes, guidelines and regulations Make on site visits to check on project status and report on project Cooperate and liaise with construction professionals Follow architectural trends and advancements Requirements Proven working experience as an architect Strong portfolio to prove artistic skills Expert knowledge of building products, construction details and relevant rules, regulations and quality standards Excellent drawing skills and familiarity with design software (AutoCad, Adobe Photoshop, SketchUp, 3ds Max or similar) Strong imagination and the ability to think and create in three dimensions Visual awareness and an eye for detail Communication and project management skills B.Arch degree in Architecture Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Looking for architect with 1 plus exp with Interior Background for immediate joining ... mail resume and profile Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹22,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Responsibilities : Designing and planning of interior spaces. Developing detailed working and presentation drawings. Material selection, estimation and costing. Site visits whenever required. Requirements : Minimum 3 years of experience in space planning. Exhaustive understanding of the design process from concept to completion. Must be adept and expert at using Autocad efficiently. Ability to visualise concepts and explain them to others. Regular, Efficient, proactive and committed. Should be a responsible team player with an eye of details."	4
"Job Summary About Archirior Design Consultancy: Archirior Design Consultancy is an innovative Interior Designing-Architecture company based in Pune with expertise for Corporate Office / IT / Industrial Interiors/Architecture. Apart from New projects, we also deal with Retro-fit and Renovation of existing facility to add new life and vibrancy to the office space. About the Vacancy: Archirior Design Consultancy, required full time Architect/Interior Designer. Candidates having diploma/degree in Architecture/Interior Designing with 1-5 years of work experience are requested to send the CV/Resume along with Design/Work Portfolio to contactus at archirior.com Responsibilities and Duties The selected candidate (s) will work on following : 1. Make/modify/edit CAD drawings/BOQs/3Ds as per requirements 2. Undertaking site visits as and when required 3. Vendor co-ordination 4. Site coordination with the team of clients, vendors, consultants, etc. 5. Site monitoring and follow up of project work 6. MEP coordination 7. Submission of daily/weekly/monthly work progress reports of office/site activities for project tracking 8. Handling other office/project/site related activities Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Candidates having diploma/degree in architecture/interior designing with 1-5 years of work experience will be preferred. Must have good communication and leadership skills. Job Type: Full-time Experience: interior design/architecture work: 1 year (Required) Interior Design/Architecture: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Very Urgent Requirment of Female Interior Designer at Janakpuri Delhi. Job Description: 1. Should be very good knowledge of Interior Designing. 2. Should be good Knowledge of Basic Computer. 3. Qualification: 12th/ Graduate. 4. Experience: minimum 2 years. 5. Salary 20k to 40k as per knowledge and experience. anyone interested plz send your cv on below mentioned email & Call. Thanks & Best Regards M/S Jha Consultancy Services Mob: +91-9911385541 Web: www.jhacspljobs.com Link: https://www.facebook.com/jhacspl/ Email: office.Jhacspl@ gmail.com Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Preferred) work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Urgent Requirement of Interior / Exterior Trims on Plastics Softawre: Catia V5 Experience: 0-3 years Locaton: Bangalore & Chennai Immediate Joining Required. Educational Qualification: Diploma/BE/Btech Mechanical 2016-2019 Passouts only. Responsibilities and Duties Urgent Requirement of Interior / Exterior Trims on Plastics Softawre: Catia V5 Experience: 0-3 years Locaton: Bangalore & Chennai Immediate Joining Required. Educational Qualification: Diploma/BE/Btech Mechanical 2016-2019 Passouts only. Qualifications and Skills Urgent Requirement of Interior / Exterior Trims on Plastics Softawre: Catia V5 Experience: 0-3 years Locaton: Bangalore & Chennai Immediate Joining Required. Educational Qualification: Diploma/BE/Btech Mechanical 2016-2019 Passouts only. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month"	4
"Interior Designer with minimum 2 years of experience. He / she will be responsible talking to leads, prepare quotes, work on the entire designs and will also be needed to assist the operations teams to understand designs where needed. Knowledge of CAD and Google Sketchup is essential along with basic knowledge of MS Office. Own two wheeler will be preferred. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹20,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Required) sales: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Required) Location: Bengaluru, Karnataka (Required) Licence: driving (Required) Language: English (Required) Hindi (Preferred)"	4
"2D Animators, Motion Graphic Artists Requirements: Focus on creating characters, backgrounds, and scene transitions, bringing creative ideas and concepts to life. Producing special effects and action graphics along with creating frames and characters. Should be proficient in Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, Premiere Pro Creating GIFs, short films and bringing characters to life as per the brief is the main focus. Working closely with Graphic designers and motion graphic artists. Should have English language skills and basic communication skills. Needs to ideate and come up with creative inputs for the brief at hand. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 to ₹60,000.00 /month Experience: 2D Animation: 2 years (Preferred) work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary - Must have good communication skill to handle a small team UI designers/ Developers - Can createflow of UI/UX of entire site; both on app, mobile view, and desktop and incorporate industry best practices. - Research and recommend best practices of e-commerce app/web. Responsibilities and Duties - Should be self-motivated and able to manage the workload. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications - PSD to Wordpress theme - PSD to HTML - CSS3 - Bootstrap - Material Design - jQuery - Photoshop Mockups Creation Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹300,000.00 to ₹360,000.00 /year Experience: HTML/CSS: 1 year (Required) UI Development: 1 year (Required)"	4
"Designation - Graphics Designer Experience - 6 months to 2 years We are looking for a graphic designer to create engaging and on-brand graphics for a variety of media. Roles & Responsibilities The graphic designer job description includes the entire process of defining requirements, visualizing and creating graphics including illustrations, logos, layouts and photos. You’ll be the one to shape the visual aspects of websites, books, magazines, product packaging, exhibitions and more. Graphics Designer should capture the attention of those who see them and communicate the right message. For this, he has to need to have a creative flair and a strong ability to translate requirements into design. The goal is to inspire and attract the target audience. Responsibilities Study design briefs and determine requirements Schedule projects and define budget constraints Conceptualize visuals based on requirements Prepare rough drafts and present ideas Develop illustrations, logos and other designs using software or by hand Use the appropriate colors and layouts for each graphics. Requirements Proven graphic designing experience A strong portfolio of illustrations or other graphics Familiarity with design software and technologies (such as InDesign, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Photoshop) A keen eye for aesthetics and details Excellent communication skills Ability to work methodically and meet deadlines Degree in Design, Fine Arts or related field is a plus Benefits: - Working environments that is safe, fun loving, comfortable and appealing to work in. Ongoing opportunities and incentives to learn, develop and grow. Best Training with hands on experience. Work with Industry’s top notch Developers. Stay updated with latest technology stack. Get in rich with problem solving attitude. Rich in activities, celebrations & knowledge sharing events. So don’t waste your time in searching just grab this opportunity and build your career. (Note: - All selection will be based on interview and test results) Interested candidates can walk in to our office at F 195, Base Level, Near Power House, Phase 8B, Industrial Area, Mohali Thank You Regards Shefali Sood HR Manager 0172-4618400 9914131382 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Education: Bachelor's (Required) Language: English (Preferred)"	4
"We are looking for an outstanding Web Developer cum Web Designer to be responsible for the coding, innovative design and layout of our websites. Web Developer Job Duties: Web developer responsibilities include building our website from concept all the way to completion from the bottom up, fashioning everything from the home page to site layout and function. Responsibilities: Write well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software development practices Create website layout/user interface by using standard HTML/CSS practices. Integrate data from various back-end services and databases. Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs. Create and maintain software documentation. Be responsible for maintaining, expanding, and scaling our site. Stay plugged into emerging technologies/industry trends and apply them into operations and activities. Cooperate with web designers to match visual design intent. Requirements Proven working experience in web programming Top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS/Wordpress/Adobe Photoshop. Familiarity with at least one of the following programming languages: PHP, Javascript ,Wordpress,Ruby on Rails A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices Adequate knowledge of relational database systems, Object Oriented Programming and web application development Hands-on experience with network diagnostics, network analytics tools Basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization process Aggressive problem diagnosis and creative problem solving skills Strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within the constraints of timelines and budgets with business acumen Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse web technologies and techniques. Should have hands on experience on Photoshop. BS in computer science or a related field Salary will be best in the industry for the suitable candidate. Contact person: Puneet - 9888040183 Anant - 8284007720 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹30,000.00 /month Experience: Web Development: 1 year (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required) Location: Mohali, Punjab (Required)"	4
"Jewelry CAD Designers (We have several full time Contract Positions open) America’s Oldest Jeweler est. 1785 Must be an expert in Rhino or ZBrush or Matrix. Must have Jewelry Industry Experience Requires strong fluency in writing/speaking English Must be a strong communicator who can work with team partners via Internet through email, file transfer and Skype. Able to work during US Eastern Time zone, if needed Must be well organized and driven to meet customer deadlines Please include portfolio of work. Will be expected to ""test"" to demonstrate proficiency. Job Type: Contract Experience: Jewerly: 1 year (Required) Rhino, Matrix or ZBrush: 1 year (Required) Language: English (Preferred)"	4
"The Senior Interior Designer is a highly experienced interior designer responsible for managing multiple projects ranging from small to large sized projects of basic to complex scope with minimal supervision including full architectural solutions in coordination with an architect. The Senior Interior Designer shall be responsible for specifications of interior furnishings; systems (for open plan), freestanding/ancillary furniture for various degrees of project size. This Senior Interior Designer is responsible for the highest level of Interior Design outcomes, completing projects with accuracy and creativity while monitoring project performance within contract hours and meeting or exceeding customer expectations Meeting with clients and other tradespeople such as architects or builders to discuss the needs of the client. Developing designs according to a brief that are functional, appealing and appropriate for the space. Using design software (such as Auto-CAD) to create models and visuals. Researching and preparing plans, diagrams or sketches for interior constructions, materials, finishes, lighting and furnishing. Selecting suppliers of materials and labour. Estimating costs and submitting quotes for client approval. Inspecting and supervising the work of tradespeople to ensure that quality and safety standards, costs and deadlines are met. hr executive jhanvi mahawar 9116137196 Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹45,000.00 /month"	4
"We are looking for a well-rounded Architect /Interior designer's fun-loving and dedicated individual with proven expertise and interest in Commercial/Residential projects to join us and be a part of disruption of Interior Designing industry. Here we are only looking for those individuals who understand technology and believes that technology can bring the change in ways of visualizing the Design's today and in Future and understand the risk of Startup and Challenges to be faced in a startup environment. And be prepared for the journey as it's going to be a tough ride with lots of turns & Swings J Requirements: M.Arch. /B.Arch. Degree from reputed & approved institute. Preference will be given for additional qualification. Should have knowledge of AutoCAD/REVIT/BIM Etc. 5+ yrs. & above experience required after acquiring all educational qualifications. Creating 2D and 3D drawings to illustrate the design intent for the client using AutoCAD, 3DS Max and V-Ray. Good Knowledge about Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality & Other Latest technology & Trends in the Market. Experience in Commercial /Corporate Interior, Hospitality & Residential Interiors. Well versed with BOQ and Estimation. Should have handled completely at least 2-5 projects of 10,000 Sq.ft. & above from presentation to the completion of project. Creative vision in interior. Knowledge of new products & sourcing ability. Presentation to the client, ability of cost effectiveness in selection of materials. To handle turn-key projects independently. To give detail design/alternate products within the same cost. Responsible to complete the project in same cost & time. To convince the client our design concept & confidence to convince the client our ability to design & deliver the project to their satisfaction. Assessment of design requirement, process flow & ensure compliance to the project schedule. To review performance of team members on project milestones / scheduled intervals. Coordinate with site team to ensure that complete information in terms of site analysis / requirement brief / local bye laws is available in order to design. Responsible for entire project design, specifications, client satisfaction & ensure the approval for every deviation in design& cost for client in conformity with project manager. RESPONSIBILITIES: You will work closely with Developer's, Designer's and Other Tech Players including business Development Team Helping in developing and researching of our Virtual Reality & Augmented Reality Platform. Leading the Team of 3D Visualizers, Developers in Building the 3D Models for the Platform. Leading the Team of Designer's, Marketing team, Installation partners and suppliers in order to deliver to customers the best interior design experience of their life. You will be someone who is hard working or very keen to work on amazing high end (and high profile) Commercials /Residential. You will be managing and developing projects from concept stages through to final installation. Apart from all these your responsibilities will range from client front end, brief understanding and validation to design projects development and coordination from concept to installation stages to check the use of our platform in real life cases. About You: You have strong verbal and written English communication skills, Ability to convey complex ideas effectively and efficiently. You have minimum 3 years' experience in Commercial interior design. You have strong understanding and demonstrated aptitude of design principles. You should have extreme attention to detail and no-compromise attitude towards quality. You have excellent knowledge of SketchUp, InDesign. 3dsMAX are a plus. You have a registered Degree in Architecture."	4
1. Ability to understand various Architectural and Interior Design elements and its various detailing requirements.2. Ability to efficiently work on 3D Studio Max and VRAY to generate high quality and photo realistic 3D Visualization3. Ability to produce complete images including final Photoshop add one.EXPERIENCE2 Years in the 3D Architectural Visualization environment with atleast 50 of that time spent on exterior visualuzationQUALIFICATIONAny one of the following qualifications will be acceptable -1. Diploma in Interior Design with relevant work experience2. Any Diploma in 3D Visualization / 3DS Max with relevant work experience.OTHER SKILLS1. Ability to work on Sketchup will be considered an advantage2. Ability to work on 3D Architectural Animation will also be considered as an advantage	4
"Required fresher interior designers Job Type: Full-time Salary: ?6,000.00 to ?15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) CONTACT PERSON MR.SAURABH: +917290803440"	4
"REQUIRED A BACHELOR IN ARCHITECTURE OR INTERIOR DESIGNER WITH ATLEAST EXPERIENCE OF 1 YEAR Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,500.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) ARCHITECTURE: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Immediate hiring for 02 candidates. Preference to MALE candidates since traveling is involved. Our ideal candidate will own a vehicle for making site visits. About Sai Kripa Engineering Works: SKEW is a leading company dealing in ornamental metal works. With over hundreds of successful project deliveries across the country and abroad, the company aims to maintain excellence in the area of operations. Job Responsibilities: The candidate would be responsible for the following: Understanding design briefs and specifications Creating detailed 2D drawings Creating 3D images of designs Site visits/Co-ordination when required. Qualifications: The ideal candidate will atleast possess the following qualities: Degree/diploma from a renowned institution Knowledge of AutoCad, Sketch-up, V-Ray and Adobe PhotoShop. Basic knowledge of working drawings Impeccable work ethics and manners. Previous experience in site handling and coordination is a bonus. * Students seeking internship programmes are also welcome on the condition of immediate joining and a comittment of atleast 6 months Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Education: Diploma (Required) Language: English (Preferred)"	4
"Job Description : The ideal candidate will have excellent creative thinking skills and be able to create designs based on conversations with a client. The candidate should be confident communicating regularly with the client in order to assess their needs and be able to adjust a given approach based on feedback. The candidate should maintain familiarity with the interior design landscape and trends in order to provide the best ideas for clients. Responsibilities : Create attractive designs and layouts for various projects Understand the client's objectives and desires Communicate effectively with client, vendors and team in order to address client's needs Create quotes for clients and ensure full workflow is followed Maintain industry knowledge in order to stay relevant Qualifications : Experience in AutoCAD and Microsoft Office suite Strong creative and communication skills Demonstrated ability to execute Demonstrated ability to execute Experience : 5 to 8 years No. of Positions : 3 Location : Pune - India Please send your updated resume on careers@intezine.com"	4
"Work involves: Preparing and presenting design proposals to clients. Preparing tender and planning applications and presentations. Advising clients on the practicality of their project. Producing detailed drawings from which costings are made. Negotiating with contractors and other professionals. Attending regular meetings with clients, contractors and other specialists. Co-ordinating the work of contractors. Making site visits to check on progress. Making sure that the project is running within the agreed time frame. Dealing with problems that might come up during building. Skills and requirements: An architect should: Be passionate about buildings architecture, latest trends in construction industry. Take responsibility of client acquisition and help in overall growth of company. Have strong visual awareness and an eye for detail. Have good drawing skills, with the ability to work in three dimensions (3D). Be inventive and imaginative. Have reasonable mathematical skills. Have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Have presentation skills. Good negotiation skills with clients. Be able to organise projects. Have a logical, analytical and creative approach to problem solving. Have time management skills. Be self-confident and able to cope with criticism of their work. Be able to manage others. Education & Experience- UG: B.Arch - Architecture Very good knowledge of autocad, revit, coreldraw, photoshop. 2-4 years' experience in construction industry Email resume and cover letter to: hr@buildingekart.com Company Profile: BuildingeKart Vision of BuildingeKart is to become one-stop online solution for all home construction needs. We take care of all aspects of your home, from planning and design to foundation to roof, from main door to back door and from kitchen to wardrobes; we involve ourselves completely in the process to give you highly efficient and elegant solutions"	4
"Responsibilities: Ideate and design creatives for Social Media campaigns for lifestyle brands. Work closely with the strategy team to conceptualize campaigns as per briefs shared by the client keeping in mind objectives. Be passionate about design, innovate new routes to execute ideas. Requirements: Photoshop, Illustrator, Graphic Design. Motion Graphics. Basic UX/UI skills (preferable). Be able to multi-task between campaigns and handle multiple accounts simultaneously. Knowledge of design and Digital Marketing industry trends."	4
"7-10 years experience in 3D modeling of Architectural components in REVIT Software from specifications and existing drawings. Location- Dubai Free accommodation, free travel Job Type: Contract Salary: ₹75,000.00 /year Experience: 3D modelling of Architectural components in REVIT Software: 7 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"Job Summary AV Enterprises is a company that has ventures in Digital Marketing & Distribution/Retail. Your job as an intern will be to assist you senior with work so that they can be more efficient & productive Responsibilities and Duties Curating content as instructed by a senior. R&D on the topics as instructed by a senior. Basic graphic designing that matches the requirements of clients Any other tasks as instructed by seniors. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Any degree or qualification in the required design field is essential. A hardworking attitude. Consistency Willingness to learn Benefits New ideas and growth opportunities Recommendation letter Flexible work hours Good working environment Job Types: Internship, Fresher Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: Digital Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Required) Language: English (Required)"	4
"Job Summary We're looking for proficient 2D and 3D Artists, who can work in a variety of areas such as 2D Game Designes, 3D modeling, Animation, Rigging and texturing to create exciting and innovative experiences in 3D for Mobile gaming. Responsibilities and Duties Minimum of 1+ year(s) hands on experience in 2D or 3D Modelling, 3D Animation, and Rigging in any reputed 3D Software. Good knowledge on Unity3D is preferred Candidates with minimum knowledge on Game Development are preferred Candidate must have perfect skills to create low poly models with high details Contact Details, Avinash +91-9885731220 https://www.pixoplay.in Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹160,000.00 to ₹220,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) 3D Modelling: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Guntur, Andhra Pradesh (Required)"	4
"Atleast 2 years professional experience in web designing. Having good knowledge of Photoshop, Coral, CSS3, HTML5, JS and responsive site. Should be creative, familiar with website colour combination, spelling issue and other basic designing tools. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Html5: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Css: 1 year (Preferred) Photoshop: 1 year (Preferred)"	4
"Graphic Design Cum Video Editor UK based company Smartechpro.co.uk is looking for talented graphic designers for their Calicut branch office. A talented Graphic Designer cum Motion Graphic Designers creates visually appealing branding designs, documents, presentations, and web content, branding and marketing video that will draw in customers and help to describe a brand. Understands the needs of the client and the organisation prior to starting a new design, since many companies have specific elements within their brand guidelines that all designs must strictly adhere to prior to going out into the public. The graphic designer is a pure creative with a flair for making memorable images designs and layouts which convey messages and capture moods. Desired Candidate Profile Graphic Artist Graphic Design Designing Quality Assurance Adobe Illustrator Requirements Must be excellent in Graphic Designing Must be good in Motion Graphics Job Type: Contract Salary: ₹13,000.00 to ₹16,000.00 /month"	4
"The Architect is the one who Design and Detailing of Commercial Interiors, IT, Corporate Material and Finishes selection. The candidate should be smart with good communication skills and technical knowledge. Exposure to large scale interior projects is desirable. Key Accountabilities Sketching, Ms office, Sketchup, Acad, Etc Design scheme & Presentation from concept to evaluation of forms. Design developments, Interior and exterior detailing. Client communication & Presentation skills. Services Coordination. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 to ₹80,000.00 /month Experience: work: 10 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Preferred)"	4
"Responsibilities and Duties Make presentations for primarily residential projects Make detail drawings for layouts, elevations, GFC's Take measurements on sites Make estimates, quotations Make designs for bedlinen, furnishings, curtains and furniture Material selections Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Pune, Maharashtra (Required) Language: English (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Create Working Drawing For Cafes, Restaurants &Hotels Along With Furniture Detailing and 3D views.Create Design Concepts Along With Site Measurements And Execution. APPLICANTS ONLY FROM MUMBAI MAY APPLY. Responsibilities and Duties Create Working Drawing For Cafes, Restaurants &Hotels Along With Furniture Detailing and 3D views.Create Design Concepts Along With Site Measurements And Execution. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Minimum 5 Years Experience Compulsory. -Ability To Maintain Deadlines. -Fluent In Speaking And Presentation -Smooth Co Ordination And Planning. -Fast Worker -Relevant undergraduate or post graduate courses done Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹22,000.00 to ₹44,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Required) work: 3 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	4
"Interior Designer Responsibilities Include: Undertaking design project from concept to completion Defining project requirements and schedule during the “brief” Interpreting and translating customer needs into rough plans Job brief We are looking for an artful Interior designer to undertake a variety of space designing projects. You will deal with design from conceptual development and liaising with the stakeholders to managing and executing the design. The goal is to design practical spaces but yet visually pleasing. Responsibilities Undertake design project from concept to completion Define project requirements and schedule during the “brief” Interpret and translate customer needs into rough plans Set costs and project fees according to budget Research and decide on materials and products sourcing Produce “sample” and “mood products” Supervise work progress Work closely with designers, decorators, architects and constructors Research and follow industry changes, evolutions and best practises Requirements Proven working experience in decorating interior spaces (consultations, renovations, space planning and new constructions) Expertise in layout, colour, lighting, materials selection, custom furniture and all installations. Proficient in AutoCAD, SketchUp, 3D Max, Illustrator or other design programs Excellent portfolio of previous works Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹40,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) 3D Max, 2D Max, Autocad, Vray, Google SketchUp: 4 years (Preferred) Location: Noida, Uttar Pradesh (Preferred)"	4
"Looking for Design and Site supervision Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Required) work: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"Job Summary We are looking for a well experienced interior designers( Manager) fun-loving and dedicated individual with proven expertise and interest in residential projects to join us. Experience: Min 5 years. Responsibilities and Duties Ability to design 3D on SKETUCH UP and 3DS MAX Proficiency in Revit is preferred. Proficiency in AutoCAD/Architectural Desktop and design drawings. Good knowledge in Rendering. Proficiency in the basic technical skills of interior design Working experience on Microsoft Office. Corrects and updates design documents. Will be responsible for site supervision twice a week. Undertake design project from concept to completion. Work closely with designers,architects and constructors. Must be fluent in Communication. Strong in presentation skills. Fosters a commitment to external and internal client service. Develops solutions to technical and design problems following established standards. Incorporates Integrated Sustainable Design solutions into projects. May mentor and direct the work of less experienced staff. Builds models for client/project team review. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications You will be an exceptional designer with strong conceptual skills. You will be managing and developing projects from concept stages through to final installation. As a Senior Interior Designer, your responsibilities will range from client front end, brief understanding and validation to design projects development and coordination from concept to installation stages. You will work closely with Design Lead, Marketing team, Installation partners and suppliers in order to deliver to customers the best interior design experience of their life. Job Types: Full-time, Walk-In Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 5 years (Preferred) work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Responsibilities and Duties Role/Requirements: -  Analyzing requirements for e-learning courses created for corporate clients/ teachers training & teaching aids  Providing inputs to the R&D Team  Creating e-learning courses starting from the design stage to delivery and fixes stage  Creating proof of concepts (POCs) and prototypes that have resulted in successful business  Managing skill development for a smallteam of IDs, GDs and Animators.  Monitoring team performance on a weekly and monthly basis.  Develop outline structure of content.  Visualize media to support learning (for CBT, WBT, eLearning).  Publish Content into formats like CD Rom, On web and LMS (SCORM standard)  Organize content and activities for student learning.  Create Storyboard templates and provide team with them.  Rephrase content to meet the learningneeds.  Create storyboards for learning material,games, interactive activities, teacher’s worksheet and interactive quiz.Qualifications and Skills Skills: -  E Learning Authoring Tools(Storyline-2, Adobe Captivate, Advanced MS Power Point)  Develop/ publish HTML content for WBT, CBT or ILT.  Develop/ publish content for various LMS like SCORM  Excellent Writing, Communication Skills  Excellent English Comprehension Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹500,000.00 to ₹700,000.00 /year Experience: Instructional Design: 5 years (Required) elearning design: 5 years (Required)"	4
"Job Summary Applicant should be from Design education background Should have mandatory 1-2 Years experience in the interior residential projects Have Good communication & presentation skills Should be flexible to work to meet business needs Have practical knowledge of Autocad, Google sketchup, V ray Responsibilities and Duties Meet new clients, discuss and understand their requirements in detail Be the voice of Wellways and educate clients about our revolutionary design and execution capabilities Create design concepts keeping in mind the client’s needs and preferences within estimated timelines and project costs Plan the space with furniture, materials, furnishing, lighting, wall treatments, flooring, etc from our extensive Wellways catalogue Work closely with the client and our internal design teams to finalize home design, 3D and GFC drawings Collaborate with the Wellways execution support team to ensure your design turns into reality seamlessly Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications An active listener. Paying attention to your client’s every need to deliver their dream home Selling design should come naturally to you You should have strong visualization and conceptualization abilities Passionate about colors, shapes, architecture, 3Ds and all things related to design You follow websites/ magazines/ blogs that help you stay updated on design trends and improve your skills When push comes to shove, you don’t let go of your calm and composed attitude You can communicate impeccably in English, be it verbal or written Your Google Sketchup and AutoCAD skills are unmatched and indisputable You have an eye for detail. Nothing escapes your scrutiny. No design detail goes wrong under your supervision You are self-motivated to be the absolute best at what you do Design is your life but you also dabble in sports or arts or music or any other hobby to keep yourself stimulated. Benefits Earning Potential - Up to 35,000 INR / Month Work Type : Full - Time Key Tags: Interior Designers, Architects, AutoCAD, Designer Job Types: Full-time, Walk-In Key Tags: Interior Designers, Architects, AutoCAD, Designer, Interior Design. Job Types: Full-time, Walk-In Salary: ₹25,000.00 to ₹35,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"We need some creative person, who can also do illustration work. He should be well versed with all designing softwares. Experienced with creative sense will be preferred. Post your resume with portfolio. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹400,000.00 to ₹600,000.00 /year Experience: work: 1 year (Required) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Exhibition designer with MOS (Museum of Solutions) Conceptual Planning  Understand the project vision/core principles, major project assumptions, goals and parameters that will guide the visitor journey.  Create visitor profiles and use it to test ideas at a later stage. Consider diversity in audience groups, including their educational needs, abilities, and interests.  Identify and articulate key messages from each of the UN SDGs relevant for museum visitors. Develop hierarchies of information and associated exhibit treatments.  Understand the FIDS model and develop a unique educational approach that is specific to the museum.  Develop conceptual alternatives and engagement strategies using the FIDS model. These alternatives will be discussed and refined in collaboration with experts and the MoS team.  Develop partnership and sponsorship strategies for content development and growth.  Develop interpretive programming concepts that go beyond the museum walls (web-based, second site, travelling exhibits, partnerships etc.). Design Development  Develop the design intent for each experience and describe how it supports the visitor journey. Ensure each experience contributes to the intended learning outcomes, making the overall experience is holistic for all children.  Develop floor plans and renderings for major experiences throughout the museum. Work closely with the architects to ensure support space infrastructure is in place.  Develop dimensional drawings and 3D views showing the design elements drawn to scale. Showcase technology integration in design plans.  Develop prototypes to test content ideas that translate into positive visitor experiences.  Integrate the branding into all exhibit designs and museum journey.  Develop exhibit briefs specifying all technical and material requirements for fabricators. Develop technical narratives that describe the users’ experience and specify software and hardware needs. Installation  Help identify (and bid for) fabricators and producers for exhibits.  Help communicate the museum needs with fabricators and producers to facilitate reviews and approvals, and ensure design intent and performance standards are met.  Test prototypes and they meet standards for endurance and safety. Work experience: 5-6 years Education : Masters in Design Working Days: 4 to 5 days in a week. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹150,000.00 to ₹300,000.00 /month Experience: relevant work: 5 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Required) Location: Mumbai, Maharashtra (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary To design projects in both Print and Digital media from concept stage to completed project Knowledge of Adobe illustrator, Corel Draw, In Design, Photoshop is mandatory To understand business objectives and proactively contribute both strategic and design ideas. Develop high level of understanding of briefs requirements, communication strategy and clients perspective and execution of campaigns along with team members. To provide concepts for digital, offline and social media campaigns. Develop the visual tone, and messages that will shape into the most effective communication for the concerned brand. To work collaboratively with creative directors and account managers. Ability to work in a fast-paced team environment and juggle multiple projects at once To design website, microsite, web banners and other digital communication collateral. Responsibilities and Duties Take the design “brief” to record requirements and clients needs Work with a wide range of media and use graphic design softwares Think creatively and develop new design concepts,graphics and layouts as per the clients requirements Developing design briefs that suit the client's purpose Prepare rough drafts and present your ideas in terms of Wire framing & Prototyping Amend final designs to clients comments and gain full approval Proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Requirements: - Proven graphic designing experience (Especially in designing Corporate, Creative & eCommerce websites) Possession of creative flair, versatility, conceptual/visual ability and originality Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas to team members & clients Job Types: Full-time, Walk-In Experience: Photoshop: 1 year (Preferred) Corel Draw: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary Are you a dreamer with a keen eye for detail, specializing in stunning visual imagery? Here’s why Pichkaari is the right place for you: Who are we? We are multi-disciplinary communication design studio. We are a closely knit team of hard-working and passionate people, specializing in delivering designs that are unique, stunning and that strike an immediate chord with the required audience. With crystal clear communication being the backbone of all our projects, we deliver the most effective solutions by: obsessing over the tiny winy specifics and intricacies of design bringing fearless originality to the table trusting our instincts and striving to incorporate the highest level of quality and intuitiveness in everything we do If the thought of creating delightful graphics & functional interfaces excites you; if having your fingerprints all over our core projects gets you going; if you’d like to do this working with a super-charged team; connect with us. Send us your resume and portfolio. We’re eager to hear from you! Responsibilities and Duties Here is how you will spend your time with us: Consume the assigned brief, digest it and use it as launchpad for the project, rather than a barricade tape. Exchange playlists, books, movie reviews, and not to mention, even the silliest of ideas that you may have during a brain storm session. Collect said ideas, filter out the relevant ones, and brew them to perfection, until they make the desired impact. Juggle multiple projects at a time, without being intimidated by deadlines. But don’t worry, we’re all in this together. Keep learning and expand your horizons, not just about layout, colors and typography, but also about user emotion, motivation, drives and anything under the sun that may help you become a better designer. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Here’s what it takes to be a part of our team - you need to be: Fun loving- Equally passionate about the projects you take on, brainstorm sessions and team outings as you are about your favorite show on Netflix. Curious- Curiosity is that one virtue that we believe makes us better creators. We ask a lot of questions and admire the one’s who do as well Perseverant- No, we don’t get everything right at once. We love to keep pushing ourselves until we deliver our best. Collaborative- We believe that in order to become a good designer, one must be willing to share knowledge and ideas, and not hoard them. Benefits Benefits Perks of joining Pichkaari: Our office has no barriers social or hierarchal. You won’t find a closed door or mind here. Our work calls for a combination of fantastic skills that will both challenge and inspire you. Should you ever face a creative block, we are always happy to help by finding fun ways to overcome it. Be it with boardgames, workshops, open discussions or even food! Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"We are looking for Fresher/Experienced Creative Web Designers with the experience in PhotoShop, Illustrator, HTML BootStrap Coding etc. Responsibilities and Duties Designing Layouts using PhotoShop/Illustrator HTML BootStrap Coding Logo, Banners, Layouts Designing JavaScript/JQuery knowledge added advantage Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Inborn Talent Completed Training or Upto 1 year Experience in above skillsets. Any Degree Location and Contacts Aluva, Kerala Call: 0484 40 64618 Resume: career < -at-> galtechsupport.us Job Type: Full-time Experience: Bootstrap: 1 year (Required) Illustrator: 1 year (Preferred) Photoshop: 1 year (Required)"	4
"Anshu Jain having a flair for designing and educational expertise in fashion launched her label ‘Anshu Jain’ in 2012 in India. Her aesthetically designed outfits, both Indian & Western have found instant success. Our full working studio in Kolkata India and is stocked with Indian and western wear ranging from semi formal styles to couture ones. Our collection has been widely accepted all over the world and her stuff is available at all the leading stores across the world like CANADA,U.K. USA,PAKISTAN,U.A.E, BANGLADESH, SINGAPORE, HONGKONG, JAKARTA, SRILANKA, SOUTH AFRICA, BAHRAIN, etc. Today our label Anshu Jain is proud to be part of some of the most reputed shows all over the world. Recently we have been chosen for LAKME FASHION WEEK A/W 2019.Fresh from our success at CANADA FASHION WEEK now we hiring brightest fashion graduates from the best fashion schools across the country. We have opening for Fashion Designers / Design assistants for Kolkata location. As a fashion designer you'll work on the design of clothing and fashion ranges. You'll typically specialize in one area which is diffusion wear to luxury Indian wear for women. Fresher to 3 Years Experience. Salary as per industry standards. Female/Male both can applicable for this post. Responsibilities: * creating or visualizing an idea and producing a design by hand or using computer-aided design (CAD) * keeping up to date with emerging fashion trends as well as general trends relating to fabrics, colours and shapes * planning and developing ranges * working with others in the design team, such as buyers and forecasters, to develop products to meet a brief * understanding design from a technical perspective, i.e. producing patterns and technical specifications for designs * sourcing, selecting and buying fabrics, trims, fastenings and embellishments * adapting existing designs for mass production * developing a pattern that is cut and sewn into sample garments and supervising the creation of these, including fitting, detailing and adaptations * overseeing production * negotiating with customers and suppliers. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Fashion design: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"We are a Canadian Company looking for individuals that are able to work from their home office. You must have a high speed internet connection, a computer and/or a laptop. Are you passionate about designing amazing digital user interfaces? Are you constantly pushing yourself to design better, easier and more delightful web and mobile interfaces? Do you have an innate interest in designing user experiences that drive meaningful business results? Do you want to make a difference with Digital Products? We are looking to fill the positions of Web & Graphic Designer & Web Developer.. Web Design & Graphic Design Create high quality visuals that tell unique and compelling retail/media/brand stories that excite consumers on all consumer touch points Execute email strategy Social Media strategy and posting Work closely with Marketing team to develop marketing concepts Prepare visual presentations for 1 campaigns by designing art and copy layouts Obtain approval of marketing layouts and concepts Coordinate projects from start to finish (concept, layout, print production and shipping) Web Developer Produce and launching of sites (Wordpress Theme) Develop, implement and maintain WooCommerce custom plugins Perform code verification and determine recommendations for adaptation Analyze processes in order to provide solutions Take initiative to research and learn emerging technologies Speed up website load time and better user experience Qualifications 3+ years’ experience in UI/UX Design for web and mobile application interfaces Solid understanding of how to work with traffic and web analytic data using tools like Google Analytics and Clicktale Experience leading the interface design process from conception through to completion and work well with others across the business Can work consistently in a dynamic, fast-paced, supportive and innovative environment Good understanding of HTML5, CSS v3 & 4, JS and Native Mobile App capabilities and limitations Have a sense of curiosity, continuously learning and an open-minded attitude Experience in conduct research, usability testing and analyze usage data. Experience in creating user workflows, wireframes, functional specs, high-fidelity mock-ups and prototypes of various complexity Experience: WooCommerce: 1 year Web Development: 1 year SEO: 1 year Language: english Job Type: Full-time Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹17,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
": At the end of April 2019, WorleyParsons combined with Jacobs Energy, Chemicals and Resources (ECR) division, to create Worley. Together, we are a leading global provider of professional project and asset services in the energy, chemicals and resources sectors. We have almost 60,000 amazing people in around 60 countries across the world covering the full lifecycle, from creating new assets to sustaining and enhancing operating assets for our customers. Our exciting combination will create new opportunities for you to join us. The transition will take time, so in the short-term you may see references to our heritage companies in your application process. Visit www.worley.com to explore our success, expertise and global reach. Purpose You will provide civil engineering services to Worley, and its Customers and may provide technical support and supervision within the civil team. Responsibilities Deliver civil engineering services that meet Worley, its customers and applicable statutory and regulatory specifications, on time and within budget. Perform civil engineering services such as: identify and report changes to project scope; assist with the preparation of proposals, estimates, budgets and schedules; provide assistance during procurement, construction and commissioning activities. For example, write requisitions, conduct technical bid evaluations and write purchase orders; contribute to appropriate studies, analyses and recommend actions; assist with the preparation of detailed designs and drawings, specifications, data, calculations and reports. Keep up-to-date with the latest developments and technical innovations in civil engineering If required, assist and support junior personnel within the civil engineering team. Communicate effectively with the civil engineering team and project stakeholders, including the Customer Identify issues and problems, develop appropriate solutions, and ask for assistance when required. What you will bring Technical and Industry Experience Effective technical and practical engineering skills and ability to consistently deliver quality, accurate and timely work to Worley and its customers. A good working knowledge of the fundamental requirements of civil engineering, and the basic requirements of other engineering fields. A good working knowledge of applicable local and international standards and statutory and regulatory specifications. Competent use of civil engineering specific software and relevant software such as MS Office Suite Engineering experience in the same or similar industry, and developing leadership skills. Some job site or factory experience Education – Qualifications, Accreditation, Training Required: A recognized degree in the relevant engineering discipline or equivalent. Preferred: Chartered Professional Engineer (CPEng) status. What we offer you Providing our people with an agile culture and challenging work opportunities results in a positive work environment. Our people enjoy competitive compensation packages and a fun, personal, collaborative and safe working environment. We value equal employment opportunity and are committed to promoting fairness, equality and diversity. Our policy is to conduct background checks for all candidates who accept an offer of employment with us. If you have the passion and talent to keep up, it's time to test the limits of what you can become. Find your future with Worley."	4
"Required Lady Candidae 40+ Years with B.Arch or Bachelor Degree of Interior Designing with 15+Years experience of Sr. Interior Designer Responsibilities and Duties Responsibilities and Duties Excellent Communication Skills Coordination of Structure and all Services Drawings Independent Project Handling Project planning and design to completion Meeting with Client Site Visit as and when required. Candidates preferred from Vasantkunj, Saket, Mehrauli, Hauz Khas, Ayanagar etc. Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 10 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Graduate Junior Architect / Interior designers with min 2 to 3 years experience ....computer , communication , site handling skills, material selection, estimation Job Type: Full-time Experience: work: 2 years (Required) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"NAXATRA VFX STUDIO is looking for a Creative Graphic Designer with up-to-date knowledge to interpret our needs and to design i8 jsolutions with high visual impact for multimedia projects including AV films, TVC’s for a new Multimedia Studio Company. 3 Month Probation Period Mandatory Responsibilities and Requirements Prepare rough drafts and present your ideas Requirements Proven graphic designing experience Possession of creative flair, versatility, conceptual/visual ability and originality Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Up to date with industry leading software and technologies (Maya, After Effect, 3D Modelling, Cinema 4D, RealFlow, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Photoshop etc) Highly proficient in all design aspects Professionalism regarding time, costs and deadlines Should have the ability to develop and train a team of Graphic Designers. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio Professionalism regarding time, costs and deadlines Should have the ability to develop and train a team of Graphic Designers. Job Types: Full-time, Contract Salary: ₹35,000.00 to ₹60,000.00 /month Location: 201303 (Preferred)"	4
"Interior Designer responsibilities and duties Work with interior design team to develop design solutions Research concepts and materials to support design team on technical issues influencing concept development Work within timely schedules to coordinate the completion of tasks through to final project completion Conduct on-site observations and provide recommendations to help streamline ongoing design projects Prepare and participate in client presentations Select furniture, materials, decor and finishes while keeping within budget Experience Required 0-1 yr"	4
"Job Summary We at Neptune Enterprises are seeking Interior Designer / Architect for our Pan-Mumbai Projects. Experience of around 5 years or more in Interior Designing compulsory. Full time job from 10 AM to 6:30 PM. Salary will be as per Industry Standards with one weekly Off. Excellent knowledge of Auto Cad must required. No.of Vacancy - 02 Location - Vasai / Malad Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Architecture: 2 years (Preferred) Interior Design: 4 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred)"	4
"Looking for a professionally experienced 2D & 3D designer for an Interior designing company in Thrissur. Minimum 3 years exp. is required. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 3 years (Preferred) work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"We are looking for an (Female) Interior designer to undertake a variety of space designing projects. You will deal with design from conceptual development and liaising with the stakeholders to managing and executing the design. The goal is to design practical spaces but yet visually pleasing. Undertake design project from concept to completion Define project requirements and schedule during the “brief” Interpret and translate customer needs into rough plans Work closely with designers, decorators, architects and constructors Research and follow industry changes, evolutions and best practises Proven working experience in decorating interior spaces (consultations, renovations, space planning and new constructions) Expertise in layout, colour, lighting, materials selection, custom furniture and all installations. Supervise work progress Proficient in AutoCAD, MS- Office programme Creative talent, imagination and eye for design Communication and presentation skills ( Candidates can contact between 12.00 pm to 6.00 pm only) Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹8,000.00 to ₹10,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Required)"	4
"In your role as a Creative Visual Designer, your day-to-day tasks will consist of creating visually engaging, innovative and functional mobile and Web products. Your ability to bring your vision and concepts to life will not only be welcomed but celebrated. Responsibilities: Apply conceptual thinking to create world-class digital services across multiple platforms, smartly bringing together user needs, business goals and technical realities. Develop sound UX concepts, including the definition of customer needs, task analysis, and the creation of personas, storyboards, scenarios, user flows and use cases. Develop the digital brand and identity strategy for our customers. Translate concepts into designs that illustrate simplicity despite system complexity. Create instant tangibility for the Fjord team and the client through storytelling and rapid prototyping methods, ranging from paper sketching to digital prototyping. Develop the Visual Interface Design through personas, storyboards, scenarios, mood boards, iconography, photography and illustrations. Produce animation/motion solutions and demos created in Flash, 3D or similar software. Give data meaning through information visualisation. Create light weighed style guides and brand guidelines to supplement prototypes for our implementation partners. Work directly with customers and prospects to design end-to-end experiences using participatory and iterative design techniques including observational studies, customer interviews, usability testing, and other forms of qualitative and quantitative research to uncover insights, learn about user behaviour and verify design concepts. Effectively communicate research findings, conceptual ideas, detailed design, and design rationale both verbally and visually. Work closely with development teams to ensure that design specifications are implemented. Participate as a contributor to an interdisciplinary team that includes other designers, project management, business and brand strategists, and hardware and software developers. Collaborate effectively with remote team members, including designers, researchers, engineering, product management, marketing and others. Participate in and contribute to Post Project Reviews. Play an active role in client meetings. Vocalise opinions and ideas to clients and the project team. Continually strive to exceed client expectations. When necessary, manage work streams directly with clients. Proactively identify business opportunities. Create & adapt the design process to the evolving nature of the business. Contributing to and communicating with interdisciplinary teams effectively. Requirements: +3 years of relevant experience. Application of conceptual thinking across platforms. Practical understanding of offline & online marketing processes."	4
"The Instructional Designer is a key resource for the PLS Training Design and Delivery Function. The role is crucial in the learning design and solution development phase for all service offerings provided by Training Design and Delivery. This position will be pivotal in establishing a robust and quality driven learning service catalogue including digital learning deployment and incorporating latest industry advances in instructional design. The position liaises with Learning Project Managers (LPM), Capability Building Partners (CBP) and Subject Matter Experts (SME) to design and author learning solutions from the complex to the very simple employing adult learning theory, appropriate didactic methods, experiential learning and digital technology. • Applies solid instructional design methodology, including adult learning theory, interac-tive activities, and competency-based evaluations to produce high quality, interactive learning solutions. • Authors e-learning modules using tools such as Articulate, Captivate, Flash, Lectora. • Liaises with LPM’s and CBP’s and other stakeholders to review and agree solutions and add value. • As an integral part of the learning team, the Instructional Designer reviews offerings from vendors to ensure they meet standards set out by the PLS Training Design and Delivery. • Drives the review and repurposing of existing content to optimize the effectiveness and productivity of existing learning offerings. • Build and develop strong sustainable relationships with all internal and external stake-holders, working collaboratively with them to achieve common goals and share knowledge and best practice • Is the expert in instructional design for the PLS Training Design and Delivery function, driving the use of technology and the reduction in reliance on face to face classroom learning.  Learning Solutions are implemented on time and as agreed with stakeholders and measured by feedback on implementation according to the agreed metrics.  Evaluation to agreed level is implemented and indicates effective training  Full use is made of learning technology and there is a reduction of at least 50% from baseline of learning offered face to face Minimum requirements Degree or third level qualification related to Teaching/Training advantageous Instructional design qualification essential. Project Management qualification desirable Fluent in written and spoken English, other languages an advantage - 7+ years in Instructional Design with experience in delivering learning solutions in the Pharma or Healthcare industry - Experience working in a global Learning Department. - Knowledge of adult education theory and practice. - Experience in managing multiple projects at the same time. - Ability to work with cross-functional and cross-cultural teams within a matrix organization. - Project management skills and communication skills Division NBS Business Unit PLS NBS Country India Work Location Hyderabad, AP Company/Legal Entity Nov Hltcr Shared Services Ind Functional Area Marketing Job Type Full Time Employment Type Regular"	4
"About the Company eSageIT specializes in providing services pertaining to IT Support Services for Hosting Support, MSP Support, Monitoring Services & Dedicated Virtual Admin along with great customer service in areas of web development and designing, mobile application, and a full life cycle digital marketing services for successful execution. The company came into existence in 2012 with its Headquarters at Jaipur, India with a team of 50+. We have full time workforce of digital marketing technologists, developers and designers, certified engineers, application engineers focused on providing solutions for organisations across various industries. Job Summary This Job is for senior windows administrator, the person will directly work with client and address all the technical issues remotely. Responsibilities and Duties Experience: 4-7 years *Skills * Windows Server, IIS, Active Directory, Load Balancing, Microsoft SQL, O365, Azure, Web Hosting *Key Roles & Responsibilities * Should have experience on Windows Server 2008 R2, 2012 R2, IIS Administration. Windows Server Manager Active Directory (LDAP,ADLDS,ADAM etc) AD configuration / deployment, DHCP/DNS configuration DNS and SMTP Network Load Balancing (NLB) Firewall (Hardware and software NLB) Event Viewer and Performance Monitor Address the alerts and optimizing the alert monitoring to reduce unnecessary alerts noise. Setup/migrate/update web applications over various platforms IIS / Azure / LAMP Knowledge in SCOM and other tools for monitoring the health and performance PowerShell scripting will be added advantage Responsible for configuring the infrastructure and installing applications on Windows IIS hosted platform. Working with web application teams examining deployment requirements (hardware and software requirements). Reviewing application installation documentation. Automating the installation process. Collaborates with engineers, architects, developers and other staff to meet project objectives. Analyzes the technological needs of customers and provides ongoing support for clients. Knowledge of and the ability to utilize a variety of administrative skill sets and technical knowledge to manage organizational IT policies, standards, and procedures. Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications Bachelors Degree MCSA,MCSIT, BSC IT, MSC IT, MCA, BTech, MTech Benefits Work from home available with flexible timings. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹50,000.00 to ₹70,000.00 /month Experience: system administration: 3 years (Required) work: 7 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"We are a fun, young, fast-growing company in the cosmetics space, with world-class products and reputation. We're looking for creative graphic designers (full time) who can translate our ideas into digital and print. Minimum 1 year relevant experience is preferred, but freshers can also apply. Salary will not be a constraint for the right candidate. The most important criteria for selection are: 1. Attention to quality and detail 2. Creativity and originality 3. Ability to understand and execute to brief 4. Strong self-governed work ethic 5. Ability to stick to budgets and timelines Job location: Ghodbunder Road, Thane. Please apply only if you are willing to work from this location. Skills required: 1. Illustrator/CorelDraw proficiency - MUST 2. Photoshop proficiency - MUST 3. Understanding web, social media and print artwork specs and requirements 4. Knowledge of photography & web design will be added bonuses Please apply with a sample selection of your work or link to online portfolio of work. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Graphics Design: 1 year (Required) Location: Thane, Maharashtra (Required)"	4
"We are looking for 2D Character Animator/ Designer. Following are the job responsibilities: Illustration/Drawing with Good visualization skills for Educational Comic Books and Animated videos for Kids. As part of the Design team,You will contribute to the design and subsequent visual implemention of each panel of the Comic book/Video based on the script and any direction that is given. Design Studio Experience is preferred though not mandatory. Knowledge of Character Animation is a Plus Samples: https://www.menstrupedia.com/audio-visual-preview/?page=1 Job Requirements: Adobe Photoshop,Adobe Illustrator,Sketching/Drawing, Adobe Animate/Flash, Good knowledge of Adobe After Effects. Ability to draw and design digital art Online portfolio with high quality work Strong sense of color, design, architecture Qualifications: 2+ years of experience Diploma/ degree in arts & animation is preferred but not required. Job Type: Full-time Experience: 2D Animation: 1 year (Required) work: 2 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Company Profile: Our client is a digital marketing agency comprised of tech nerds, creative designers and innovative strategists that plan and execute exceptional brand communications and web integrated solutions. They are committed to helping companies maximize their marketing spend by combining our insight and proficiency to deliver results driven campaigns that help yield a return on investment. Their focal point lies in delivering cutting edge digital solutions economically with no compromise on quality. Their services range from interactive media, e commerce to search marketing and mobile solutions. Founded on the principles of building relationships, enriching communication and striving to set a standard in project delivery, It is a dynamic London based Digital Marketing Agency that specializes in graphic design, web development, e commerce, social media marketing, mobile apps, mobile websites, responsive development, Google Adwords, sales & marketing consultancy and search engine optimization (SEO). Job Description: End to End Testing for every website- Content Management, Testing of Magento,Wordpress or CMS testing Conduct manual tests to ensure the software created by developers is fit for purpose Identifying business requirements- Understanding the BRD and SRS to create test documents Monitoring applications and software systems when request come in- support and technical support. Stress Testing Performance Testing Functional Testing Scalability Testing Writing bug reports- Report bugs and ability to transpire steps to reproduce the bug by any means and get it restored Quality assurance Providing objective feedback to software - development project teams Problem solving- should be able to provide solution to bug fixes for effective delivery Communicating findings to technical and non-technical colleagues Regression Testing Documentation of Test Artefacts for projects worked on Knowledge in Wordpress and Magento preferred or candidates who have tested Magento and Wordpress websites Frontend and Backend Testing i.e.- CMS Testing Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹200,000.00 to ₹300,000.00 /year Experience: work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
"We are seeking a new Graphic Designer to join our team. You will be designing a wide variety of things across digital and offline media. To be successful in this position, you’ll be a self-starter, capable of delivering brilliant creative ideas, and show amazing attention to detail. Candidates should have knowledge of corel Draw, Photoshop etc. Graphic Designer Responsibilities: Planning concepts by studying relevant information and materials. Illustrating concepts by designing examples of art arrangement, size, type size and style and submitting them for approval. Preparing finished art by operating the necessary equipment and software. Coordinating with outside agencies, art services, web designer, marketing, printers, and colleagues as necessary. Contributing to team efforts by accomplishing tasks as needed. Communicating with clients about layout and design. Creating a wide range of graphics and layouts for product illustrations, company logos, and websites with software such as photoshop. Reviewing final layouts and suggesting improvements when necessary. Graphic Designer Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in graphic design or related field. Experience as a graphic designer or in related field. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio. Proficiency with required desktop publishing tools, including Photoshop,Corel Draw A strong eye for visual composition. Effective time management skills and the ability to meet deadlines. Able to give and receive constructive criticism. Understanding of marketing, production, website design, corporate identity, product packaging, advertisements, and multimedia design. Experience with computer-aided design. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹15,000.00 /month Experience: work: 1 year (Preferred)"	4
"Description Essential Job Functions Responsible for developing optimal learning solutions using sound instructional design methodology that meet learning objectives for internal and external clients. Proactively partner with clients and internal partners to understand learning objectives and training needs in order to write content, develop curriculum, create storyboards and scripts for projects. Solve business performance problems and provide media rich training solutions. Lead the decision making process and influence internal partners to implement the most impactful training solution. Partner with Learning Partners, Program Managers, Delivery Specialists, stakeholders across the business and other project team members to identify, understand and develop training and learning solutions, meet overarching project time lines and deliverables and gather input & feedback on the effectiveness of the training materials and programs. Manage design process through ideation, creation, execution and evaluation of training materials. Clearly define scope and resources needed for the project. Create, adjust and adhere to project timelines. Facilitate progress meetings with stakeholders throughout project. Remain current with instructional design and industry standards and best practices. Research and implement new authoring tools, environments, media and eLearning techniques. Evaluate technologies for instructional enhancement opportunities in order to deliver efficiencies and improvements.. Preferred Education/Certifications Bachelor's Degree: Business, Technology, Adult Learning or related field Preferred Work Experience 3-5 years; A minimum of 3 years experience in all phases of instructional design, curriculum design/development/delivery with both instructor led and elearning projects. Must be knowledgeable in eLearning development tools such as, Articulate or Captivate. Must provide work samples. LMS knowledge is a plus. Call Center experience is a plus. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Advanced skill in Articulate or other eLearning tools - expert ability to create digital learnng solutions by interpreting and following a storyboard or script Advanced experience in technical or professional writing Advanced PC skills, e.g. Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, etc. Advanced written and verbal communication skills, proficient with mainstream desktop publishing, including layout and design Advanced skill and understanding of Adobe products, such as Creative Cloud Intermediate project management skills with a retail sales background Intermediate skill in professional or personal video, audio and Photoshop editing Intermediate skill in videography, sound recording, and direction Strong interpersonal and communication skills, especially via email and telephone. Proven ability to quickly learn software systems and development of training programs. Detail-oriented, organized, flexible and reliable. Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and quickly change directions, based on business needs and changing priorities. Ability to write effective copy, instructional text, audio scripts/video scripts Ability to build successful & credible relationships at all organizational levels Ability to work independently, collaborate with a team and indirectly lead and influence others to achieve common goals Ability to facilitate effective group presentations/discussions/conference calls with high degree of professionalism Project management skills involving concept development through implementation and measurement stages High degree of flexibility; manages ambiguity effectively Acts with urgency, overcomes obstacles and delivers results; meeting goal dates and deadlines Uncompromising attention to detail, accuracy and adherence to branding guidelines Qualifications Conditions of Employment All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting. About Epsilon Epsilon is the global leader in creating connections between people and brands. An all-encompassing global marketing company, supporting 15 of the top 20 global brands, we harness the power of rich data, groundbreaking technologies, engaging creative and transformative ideas to get the results our clients require. Recognized by Ad Age as the #1 World CRM/Direct Marketing Network, Epsilon was also named as a Leader in the January 2016 report The Forrester Wave™: Customer Loyalty Solutions For Large Organizations, Q1 2016 and in the July 2014 report ""The Forrester Wave™: Email Marketing Vendors, Q3 2014"" by Forrester Research Inc. Epsilon employs over 7,000 associates in more than 70 offices worldwide and is part of Alliance Data a Fortune 500 company. For more information, visit http://www.epsilon.com/ or follow us on Twitter @Epsilon_India. To view current job opportunities click here."	4
"We would require a graphic designer cum web designer , who has knowledge of social media too. His / her responibility mainly will be to design either for social media or graphic designing . It is mandatory to have a bit of knowledge of social media as well . Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: Social Media: 1 year (Preferred) work: 1 year (Preferred) Social Media Marketing: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Preferred) Location: Chandigarh, Chandigarh (Preferred)"	4
"work experiences in Gold Factory. good knowledge with gold design. Use software to create detailed 2D or 3D designs for complex projects. Collaborate with others to establish timelines and budgets, as well as solve problems. Knowledge of industry, engineering, math, and materials. Ability to analyse data and situation and come up with creative solutions. Keep up to date on industry and engineering standards. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹40,000.00 to ₹55,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	4
"Need designer of machines . Staying nearby kalyan bypass. Hands on making design of packaging machines on various software specially solid works. Minimum 3years experience is acceptable . Immediate joining only apply Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹50,000.00 /month Experience: work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary(12th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Responsibilities Inventory and conditional assessment of bridge and structures Planning and designing of structures including retrofitting, widening of different sizes in RCC or Steel for various loading conditions. Quantity Estimation Report preparations BOQ and specifications Obtaining technical approvals from clients including meetings ,presentations compliances Periodic site visits and stage passing Any other work related to transportation Skills/Experience BTech Structure/ Bridge Engineering 5-10 years of Experience in design of Bridges/Structures Computer software proficiency in 3D Civil, Etab, Stadd Pro, Tekla. apply now Company presentation how can we help you? Contact us at the Fortress office nearest to you or submit a business inquiry online. contacts Fortress Infrastructure Advisory Services has been appreciated by District Collector Buldana, for organising a disaster free management of Shree Sant Gajanan Maharaj Samadhi Shatabdhi event celebration. Collector District, Buldana"	4
"Role Description Role: Interior Designer Responsibility: Preparation of Presentation drawing & quotation. Attending clients at work place as well as on sites. Coordinating with clients architects and carpenters for resolving their queries. Attending clients at showroom as well as on site. Site visit at client place for area measurement. Making drawing and quotation as per the plan. Sound knowledge and experience in Auto Cad, Google sketch up . Good Communication skill. Experience: Minimum 3 to 7years’ experience in Residential Projects. Qualifications: 12th + Architect Diploma Other Requirements : Presentable with Excellent Communications Skills Competencies & Attributes:"	4
"Job Summary We are seeking for a highly experienced designer to help in ongoing design projects. Projects may vary depending customer demands. Responsibilities and Duties Work on a variety of projects through all phases of design from concept development, design development, contract documentation. Determine the client’s goals and requirements of the project Specify materials and furnishings, such as lighting, furniture, wall finishes, flooring, Preparing drawings, documentation, and specification information. Special emphasis on both conceptual and detailed construction drawings. Attend consultant and site meetings, and preparing meeting minutes and site review documents. Place orders for materials and furniture, and oversee installing the design elements Visit after the project to ensure that the client is satisfied Qualifications and Skills 2year experience or relevant qualifications 3ds max v ray autocad Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹20,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Preferred) work: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Want an interior Designer who have worked in luxury villas and hotels, who have knowledge about furniture, latest materials,etc. who is perfect in furniture detailing and interior detailing. Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹350,000.00 to ₹700,000.00 /year Experience: Interior Design: 2 years (Required) Education: Diploma (Required)"	4
"We are one of the leading Interior,Home Transformation , & landscape firm in Trivandrum,Kerala, We are looking for a well experienced Interior Designer who completed professional Interior Design course & knowing. 3d max, V-Ray ,etc...please send your resume through our email greenhomegroup100atgmail.com . Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹12,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 3 years (Preferred) work: 3 years (Preferred) Education: Diploma (Preferred)"	4
"Must be Software Known & prefer polite person 3d Max, Vray, Autocadd, Photoshop. .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. Thanks & Regard. Abdullah Shaikh Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹10,000.00 to ₹12,000.00 /month Experience: Interior Design: 1 year (Preferred)"	4
"Require interior designer with minimum 2 years of experience in working with Interior Design Company. Good in residential interiors. Knowledge of google sketchup, AutoCAD, 3D studio max, revit, designing, M.S.Office. Should have exposure in Material Selection, Excellent communication skill. Should be able to work with Team, Planning and organizing. Scheduling and monitoring, good in local market. Coordinate the Layout and Detail designing of the project. The candidate should be able to develop and execute design ideas."	4
"Job Summary We at Cnergee Technologies Pvt. Ltd. have job opening for the position of Graphic designer & visualizer. _ _ The details are mentioned below: . About the Organization: Cnergee Technologies Pvt Ltd predominantly is into business of developing Software’s i.e. IT & ITES provider. Located in the heart of Navi Mumbai’s Central Business District has easy accessibility. Position- Graphic designer & visualizer Experience- 3-6 years Job Location- CBD Belapur, Navi Mumbai Male candidates are preferred. ** Job description- Looking for strong Graphic Designer with Corporate Communications experience Ensure quality and adherence to graphic and branding standards. Conceptualize, design, develop and execute graphics in order to effectively execute campaign briefs, sales/marketing materials, print 1, social and digital media outreach. Responsible for the daily creation and updating of ongoing graphic needs. Execute social and digital media projects across all marketing channels Work with internal businesses to ensure projects are executed and delivered within tight deadlines. Manage internal events and develop social and digital media promotional programs including events, conferences to drive brand awareness. Work with vendors and printers for print media like posters, brochures etc Design work would be across a huge variety of products and activities, such as marketing collateral, websites, 1, posters, exhibitions and displays, infographics, corporate communications and corporate identity The work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of design trends, software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. Skills/Requirements: Have expertise in design software (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, CorelDraw etc). Should be able to design web pages, web banners, logos, mailers, and newsletters. Good knowledge in web designing would be an added advantage. Must be able to conceptualize and implement designs in accordance with the creative brief and client requirements. Think creatively and develop new design concepts, graphics, and layouts. Must be a team player We are looking for individuals who are creative, enthusiastic and flexible with their approach towards concepts and ideas. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio. Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas. ** Desired Candidate Profile Minimum two years experience in a related environment preferred. Demonstrated experience in graphic design. Proficient in MS Excel; MS Word; MS PowerPoint. MS Publisher and Photo Shop are a plus. Working knowledge of social media. Flexible schedule as needed to accommodate company events. Travel as necessary. Male candidate are preferable. Other Skills/Abilities Excellent verbal and written communication skills, organizational skills, and interpersonal skills. Ability to learn new concepts, organized, attentive to detail and ability to multitask. Work with minimal supervision, able to work with and through others to accomplish tasks. Ability to write summaries for promotions, events, and press releases Responsibilities and Duties Job description- Looking for strong Graphic Designer with Corporate Communications experience Ensure quality and adherence to graphic and branding standards. Conceptualize, design, develop and execute graphics in order to effectively execute campaign briefs, sales/marketing materials, print 1, social and digital media outreach. Responsible for the daily creation and updating of ongoing graphic needs. Execute social and digital media projects across all marketing channels Work with internal businesses to ensure projects are executed and delivered within tight deadlines. Manage internal events and develop social and digital media promotional programs including events, conferences to drive brand awareness. Work with vendors and printers for print media like posters, brochures etc Design work would be across a huge variety of products and activities, such as marketing collateral, websites, 1, posters, exhibitions and displays, infographics, corporate communications and corporate identity The work demands creative flair, up-to-date knowledge of design trends, software and a professional approach to time, costs and deadlines. Qualifications and Skills Skills/Requirements: Have expertise in design software (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, CorelDraw etc). Should be able to design web pages, web banners, logos, mailers, and newsletters. Good knowledge in web designing would be an added advantage. Must be able to conceptualize and implement designs in accordance with the creative brief and client requirements. Think creatively and develop new design concepts, graphics, and layouts. Must be a team player We are looking for individuals who are creative, enthusiastic and flexible with their approach towards concepts and ideas. Demonstrable graphic design skills with a strong portfolio. Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas. ** Desired Candidate Profile Minimum two years experience in a related environment preferred. Demonstrated experience in graphic design. Proficient in MS Excel; MS Word; MS PowerPoint. MS Publisher and Photo Shop are a plus. Working knowledge of social media. Flexible schedule as needed to accommodate company events. Travel as necessary. Male candidate are preferable. Other Skills/Abilities Excellent verbal and written communication skills, organizational skills, and interpersonal skills. Ability to learn new concepts, organized, attentive to detail and ability to multitask. Work with minimal supervision, able to work with and through others to accomplish tasks. Ability to write summaries for promotions, events, and press releases Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹30,000.00 to ₹55,000.00 /month Experience: CSS: 1 year (Preferred) web design: 1 year (Preferred) Photoshop: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Secondary(10th Pass) (Preferred)"	4
"Job Summary We needs a experienced Web Designer with experience in WordPress CMS to update the graphic and user interface design of websites for our clients. We are looking for candidates who has experience in developing attractive Websites for companies . Your portfolio should include clean, modern, responsive Websites with excellent navigational structures and detailed linking. Responsibilities and Duties Create PSDs for visual layout of Web pages and convert each design into HTML5 and CSS3 based Theme Maintain and update all plugins for Website. If required, should be able to customize a plugin. Create mock-ups for proposed project pages and update them as needed Software Development - application, programming & maintenance layout and designing of responsive websites and mobile apps conceptualize and design graphic applications and animations Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications 2+ years professional Web design experience Bachelors in Computer Science, Graphic Design or related field, or 2+ years additional experience Knowledge of content marketing a plus Advanced Photoshop, HTML5, CSS3 and PHP skills Knowledge of WordPress standards and functionality Professional portfolio with at least five designs for internal review Experience with jQuery implementation and Java Script Job Type: Full-time Salary: ₹15,000.00 to ₹25,000.00 /month Experience: Wordpress: 2 years (Required) php: 1 year (Preferred) Education: Bachelor's (Required)"	4
